an American Stock Exchange-listed real estate development company, and a trustee of EQK Realty Investors I, a NYSE-listed real estate investment trust. He formerly served as President of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts and the International Council of Shopping Centers.
Alton G. Marshall, age 72, is President of Alton G. Marshall Associates, Inc., a New York City real estate investment firm since 1971. He has been Senior Fellow of the Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government in Albany, New York since January 1, 1991. He was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of The Lincoln Savings Bank, FSB, from March 1984 through December 1990, and remains a Director and Chairman of the Bank's Executive Committee. From 1971 to 1981, he was President of the Rockefeller Center, Inc., a real estate, manufacturing and entertainment company. Mr. Marshall is currently a director of the Hudson River Trust, and New York State Electric & Gas Corp., and a trustee of EQK Realty Investors I. He is an independent partner of Alliance Capital and Alliance Capital Retirement Fund.
George R. Peacock, age 70, retired in August 1988 after serving as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Equitable Real Estate, parent of the Partnership's former Advisor which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Equitable. Mr. Peacock is a past member of Equitable's Investment Policy Committee. Prior to his retirement he was also a Senior Vice President of parent Equitable for approximately twelve years. Mr. Peacock is a former director of Equitable Real Estate and remains a trustee of EQK Realty Investors I.
Phillip E. Stephens, age 46, has been President of Compass Retail, the Partnership's former property manager and a subsidiary of Equitable Real Estate, since January 1992 and was Executive Vice President of the Compass Retail division of Equitable Real Estate from January 1990 to December 1991. He has also served as President of ERPM, the Partnership's former Advisor and 