termined that all members are qualified under the rule.
Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA is intended to encourage financial institutions to help meet the credit needs of their entire communities, including low and moderate income areas, consistent with safe and sound operations.
CRA regulations provide for three disclosure obligations. First, each institution must prepare and make available a CRA Statement for each of its local communities that includes a delineation of the community served and a list of specified types of credit offered to the community. Second, each lending institution must maintain a public comment file for public inspection that includes written comments from the public on its CRA Statement or its performance in meeting community credit needs. Third, public disclosure of written CRA evaluations of financial institutions made by regulatory agencies is required under the CRA to promote enforcement of CRA requirements by providing the public with the status of a particular institution's community reinvestment record. The regulatory agencies are required to include, in the written evaluation, an institution's record of meeting the credit needs of its local community including low and moderate income neighborhoods. Each written evaluation required under CRA is required to have a public and confidential section addressing the association's CRA performance. In connection with the CRA examination, the federal banking agencies are required to assess each institution's record of helping to meet the credit needs of its entire community. The Association received a satisfactory rating in its written evaluation as a result of its last CRA examination performed in September 1992. Evaluations under the Community Reinvestment Act are taken into account in determining whether to grant branch and merger applications as well as other regulatory applications.
Transactions with Related Parties. The Association's authority to engage in transactions with related par