erest rates, substantially the same as loans to unaffiliated individuals or entities. Effective November 5, 1992, the OTS amended its regulations governing extensions of credit to executive officers, directors, and principal shareholders and to the related interests of such persons. OTS regulations implementing the provisions of
22(g) and 22(h) of the FRA which govern extensions of credit to insiders, incorporate by means of crossreference the provisions of Federal Reserve Regulation O.
Savings and Loan Holding Company Regulations. As a result of the reorganization into a holding company form of organization, the Company is subject to applicable OTS regulations regarding the activities of the savings and loan holding company and the savings institution. Northeast Federal Corp. is prohibited, either directly or indirectly, from acquiring control of any savings association or savings and loan holding company without prior OTS approval and from acquiring more than 5% of any voting stock of any savings association or savings and loan holding company which is not a subsidiary of Northeast Federal Corp. In addition, under the terms of the OTS approval of the Company's application to reorganize to form a holding company, the Company may not at any time, absent prior written approval by the Regional Director, engage in any activity other than activities incident to holding the stock of the Association.
Federal Reserve System Requirements. The Federal Reserve Board requires savings institutions to maintain non-interest-earning reserves against certain of their transaction accounts. The regulations generally require a reserve of 3% against total transaction accounts up to $51.9 million and a reserve of 10% (subject to adjustment by the Federal Reserve Board to an amount between 8% and 14%) against transaction accounts in excess of $51.9 million. The first $4.0 million of otherwise reservable balances are exempt from the reserve requirement. As of December 31, 1993, Northeast 