rship at the time of the allocation.
The Limited Partners have certain priorities in the allocation of cash distributions by the Partnership. Out of each distribution of net cash, the Limited Partners generally have certain preferential rights to receive payments that, together with all previous payments to them, would provide an overall 9% per annum (cumulative non-compounded) return (a "9% Preferential Return") on their investment in the Partnership. Any distributions not equaling this 9% Preferential Return in any quarter are to be made up in subsequent periods if and to the extent distributable cash is available.
Distributable cash from operations is paid out each quarter in the following manner: 99% to the Limited Partners and 1% to the General Partner. These payments are made each quarter to the extent that there is sufficient distributable cash available.
Sale or financing proceeds are to be distributed, to the extent available, as follows: (i) to the Limited Partners until all cash distributions to them amount to a 9% Preferential Return on their investment cumulatively from the date of their admission to the Partnership, (ii) then to the Limited Partners in an amount equal to their investment; and (iii) the remainder, 99% to Limited Partners and 1% to the General Partner.
The unpaid 9% Preferential Return to the limited partners' aggregates $18,142,000 as of December 31, 1993. Income or loss for financial statement purposes is allocated 99% to the Limited Partners and 1% to the General Partner.
The amendment modifies the Partnership Agreement so as to restrict the Partnership from entering into a future "Reorganization Transaction" (as defined in the Amendment) sponsored by the General Partner or any of its affiliates unless such transaction is approved by a "supermajority" of at least 80% in interest of the Limited Partners and the General Partner. The amendment also prohibits the modification of this restriction on Reorganization Transactions without the 