at the customer's site under the supervision of Measurex personnel.
Competition
The market for process measurement and control is highly competitive and is subject to technological change in both hardware and software development. The principal competitive factors in this market are product quality and reliability, product features, customer support, corporate reputation and relative price/performance. Measurex's competitive strategy is to provide customers with greater economic results than available from competitors by focusing on the quality and performance characteristics of systems. However, any inability of the Company to match or exceed the price/performance or other features of the systems offered by its competitors could adversely affect future operating results.
The Company's principal competition is from distributed control systems suppliers and packaged system suppliers, as well as factory automation system suppliers. In the supervisory measurement and process control business area, competition includes ABB Asea Brown Boveri Process Automation Inc.; Lippke, a wholly owned subsidiary of Honeywell; the Valmet Automation Group, a division of Valmet Oy; and Yokogawa-YEW in Japan. The distributed control system business area competition includes Honeywell, Fisher, Foxboro (a subsidiary of Siebe, Inc.), Siemens, and many other companies. In the web-inspection products area, the Company faces
competition from ABB and other smaller companies. Competition for production management and process analysis and quality management is very fragmented.
Employees
As of November 28, 1993, Measurex had 2,250 full-time employees, of whom 1,120 were located outside of the United States.
Measurex has various employee benefit plans, including a stock purchase plan for all United States and Canadian employees, stock option plans for key employees, a Savings and Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, management incentive programs, pension plans in certain foreign countries, and health, den