ent of Default occur and be continuing, the Bank may proceed to protect and enforce its rights under this Agreement and the Note by exercising such remedies as are available to the Bank in respect thereof under applicable law, either by suit in equity or by action at law or both, for specific performance of any covenant or other agreement contained in this Agreement or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Agreement. No failure or delay by the Bank in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Note shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.
Section 7.3. Inspection of Properties. The Bank, upon obtaining any judgment against the Borrower, shall have the right to enter upon, and the Borrower hereby specifically grants to the Bank a license (effective only upon the entry of a judgment) to enter upon, any of the Borrower's properties that the Bank may seek to acquire in connection with the enforcement of such judgment for the purpose of inspecting, testing and assessing the properties for the presence of Hazardous Materials. The Borrower shall reimburse the Bank upon demand for all costs and expenses of any and all inspections, testing and assessing. If the Borrower fails to reimburse the Bank upon demand for such costs, then the Bank may pursue all its legal remedies to recover such costs.
ARTICLE VIII
CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES AFFECTING EURO-DOLLAR-BASED ADVANCES
Section 8.1. Basis for Determining Adjusted London Interbank Offered Rate Inadequate or Unfair. If on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period:
(i) the Bank is advised that deposits in dollars (in the applicable amounts) are not being offered in the relevant market for such Interest Period; or
(ii) the Bank de