e the accounts of the Trust and its majority-owned affiliates: 3604 Fair Oaks Boulevard (3604) and California Real Estate Investment Trust (CalREIT). Majority-owned affiliates consist of a general partnership and a real estate investment trust engaged in real estate activities in which the Trust owns a greater than 50% interest.
Plan of Reorganization Under Chapter 11 Proceedings
On August 2, 1993, the Trust filed a petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. The bankruptcy case is currently pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of California, Sacramento Division and is entitled In re Commonwealth Equity Trust, Case No. 93-26727-C-11. On March 30, 1994, the Trust filed with the Court a Plan of Reorganization and Disclosure Statement. On May 13, 1994, the Trust, together with the Equity Security Holders' Committee and the Pacific Mutual Lenders (collectively, together with the Trust, the "Plan Proponents"), filed with the Court a First Amended Plan of Reorganization and a Disclosure Statement with Respect to First Amended Plan of Reorganization.
On June 3, 1994, the Plan Proponents filed with the Court a Second Amended Plan of Reorganization and Disclosure Statement with Respect to Second Amended Plan of Reorganization. The Second Amended Plan provides for, inter alia: (a) the restructuring of virtually all of the Trust's secured and unsecured debt; (b) the issuance of new common stock of the Trust to current equity security holders; (c) the issuance of new common stock of the Trust to the Pacific Mutual Lenders; and (d) the issuance of preferred stock of the Trust to the Pacific Mutual Lenders and other creditors of the Trust will result in a dilution of the current equity.
COMMONWEALTH EQUITY TRUST (Debtor-in-Possession) AND AFFILIATES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued ______________
1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Chapter 11 Proceedings, cont