y's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statement schedules based on our audits.
In our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
As discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes. Additionally, as discussed in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions.
/s/ KPMG Peat Marwick
Honolulu, Hawaii February 11, 1994
Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. SCHEDULE I -- MARKETABLE SECURITIES - OTHER INVESTMENTS December 31, 1993
* Represents cost of each issue, except for: ASB's other securities held for trading, which are stated at market, and mortgage-backed securities, which are stated at amortized cost; and MPC's investment in real estate partnerships, which are stated in accordance with the equity method of accounting. ** Secured by residential property. *** Not actively traded. Fair value considered to equal cost basis or amount at which security is carried in the balance sheet.
Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. and Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. SCHEDULE II--AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES AND UNDERWRITERS, PROMOTERS AND EMPLOYEES OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES December 31, 1993
(a) Two unsecured promissory notes payable. Interest rate is based on Bank of Hawaii's prime rate plus 2% for the first note and Bank of Hawaii's prime rate plus 0.75% for the second note.
(b) In May 1993, Baldwin*Malama (B*M) was reorganized as a limited partnership in which Malama Development Corp. (MDC) is the sole general partner and Baldwin Pacific Properties, Inc. (BPPI) is the sole limited partner. In conjunction with the dissolution of the B*M gene