ucts produced at the Pueblo Steel Mill consist of concrete reinforcing bar, hot-rolled bar, bar size shapes, special sections and semi-finished billets. CF&I can produce rebar in sizes of 1/2" to 1-3/8" diameter; 2,250 pound coils can be made up to 1-1/2" diameter. Rebar is produced in grade 40 tensile strength for normal applications and grade 60 tensile strength for more severe applications.
Rod products produced at the Pueblo Steel Mill are for industrial rod consumption. Generally, the rods are produced in diameters ranging from 7/32" to 9/16."
The Pueblo Steel Mill is one of the few manufacturers which produce a wide variety of wire products. The wire produced consists primarily of fencing, barbed wire, nails, staples, bailing wire, welded wire fabric, merchant wire, rebar tie wire, high carbon special purpose wire and low carbon manufacturer's wire.
RAW MATERIALS
The Company's principal raw material for the Portland and Pueblo Steel Mills is ferrous scrap metal derived from, among other sources, junked automobiles, railroad cars and railroad track materials, and demolition scrap from obsolete structures, containers and machines. The purchase price for scrap is subject to market forces largely beyond the control of the Company, including demand by foreign steel producers for steel scrap (which is in turn influenced by currency
exchange rates) and domestic demand from other steel companies. The cost of scrap to the Company can vary significantly, and product prices cannot always be adjusted, especially in the short-term, to recover the costs of large increases in scrap costs. During 1993 the average cost of purchased scrap at the Portland Steel Mill was $117 per ton compared to $91 per ton in 1992. The average cost of scrap at the Pueblo Steel Mill was $121 during 1993, compared to $96 during 1992. The Company maintains a 30 to 45 day supply of scrap to insulate itself to some extent against possible short-term price fluctuations. The Company purchases scrap thr