toxicity and requires a warning if individuals there are being exposed to such chemicals through the normal and intended use of the product. The notifying parties are permitted to commence litigation within sixty days in the event the officials do not so proceed. Violations of the law may result in a maximum civil penalty of $2,500 per day for each violation.
The Company has retained counsel in California and will vigorously defend any law suit that may be instituted. It is not possible to determine the extent of liability at this time, if any, or to quantify the cost of settlement or civil penalty that may be imposed.
In 1991, the Company recorded a $2.0 million provision for estimated environmental costs. This charge reflects anticipated costs to monitor and remediate a previously disclosed inactive Company landfill site in Seneca Falls, New York. At December 31, 1993, the remaining reserve was $1.7 million. The remediation is expected to occur through late 1995 or early 1996 and the Company does not currently expect any additional material expenses in future years associated with this site.
Although the Company is unable to predict what legislation or regulations may be adopted or enacted in the future with respect to environmental protection and waste disposal, existing legislation and regulations have had no material adverse effect on its capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment for environmental control were not material during 1993 and are not anticipated to be material in 1994 or 1995.
Patents and Trademarks
Although the Company owns several beneficial patents, none are considered to be material to its operations. The Company believes its trademark "Goulds" is of importance worldwide, since its products have been sold and used for almost 150 years.
Backlog
Backlog is primarily in the Industrial Products Group as the Water Technologies Group maintains minimal backlog levels since their prod