n, that the pending litigation will be favorably concluded, or that a new business plan will be successfully implemented. Consequently, there can be no assurance that the Company can continue as a going concern. In the event that these matters are not successfully addressed, the Company's Board of Directors will consider other appropriate action given the severity of the Company's liquidity position, including, but not limited to, filing for protection under the federal bankruptcy laws. Alternatively, the Company could be subject to the filing of an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding in the event it is unable to resolve and settle pending litigation, satisfy settlement commitments and other unpaid creditor claims. See "Legal Proceedings", "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Notes 5 and 8 to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of asset amounts or the amounts of liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
Significant Accounting Policies
The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Material intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated.
Since 1986, the Company has used a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the last Friday of the year. The year ended December 31, 1993 contained 53 weeks, and the years ended December 25, 1992 and December 27, 1991 contained 52 weeks. Commencing in 1994, the Company will return to a fiscal year ended December 31.
The Company sells homesites under installment contracts which provide for payments over periods ranging from 2 to 10 years. Sales of homesites are recorded under the percentage-of-completion method in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 66, "Accounting for Sales of Real Estate" ("FASB No. 66"). Since 1991, the Company has not recognized a sal