mpany views the expense of remedial clean-up as a part of its product cost, and accrues for estimated environmental liabilities with regular charges to cost of sales. Management considers its environmental accrual to be adequate to provide for its portion of costs for all known environmental matters, including Superfund sites. Based upon consideration of currently available information, management does not believe liabilities for environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, operating results or liquidity.
AGRIBUSINESS
As discussed in Note 16 to the Financial Statements, on December 1, 1992, the company transferred substantially all of the Agribusiness segment, other than the specialty vegetable oil operations, to Mycogen Corporation and a joint venture partnership (Agrigenetics, L.P.) formed with Mycogen. The company's 1993 consolidated revenues, costs and expenses include specialty vegetable oil operations, but do not include amounts related to the transferred assets. As also discussed in Note 16 to the Financial Statements, on December 31, 1993, the company exchanged another portion of its investment in the partnership for additional Mycogen common stock and cash. The company's investment in Mycogen, which includes Agrigenetics, Inc. (formerly Agrigenetics, L.P.), is accounted for by the equity method, under which the company recognizes its share of the earnings or losses of such entities.
The specialty vegetable oil operation retained by the company sells specialty vegetable oils and operates an oilseed crushing and refining facility. Specialty vegetable oil sales consist primarily of high oleic sunflower oil in either crude or refined forms and safflower oil. Pursuant to contractual arrangements, the company has agreed to purchase planting seed for specialty vegetable oils from Agrigenetics, Inc., which in turn is to supervise production of oilseed for crushing. The company's ability to acquire high oleic oil see