ural gas plants. Depreciation, depletion and amortization increased as a result of an increase in volumes.
1992 Versus 1991. Operating revenues decreased in 1992 as reduced revenues from gas brokerage, lower prices for crude oil, condensate and plant products and decreased other income were partially offset by increased natural gas prices and increased volumes for all products. The decrease in other income is due to the sale in 1991 of two gathering systems.
The operating profit increase for the segment resulted from increased volumes for all products of $31 million and increased natural gas prices of $5 million being partially offset by lower prices for oil, condensate and natural gas liquids of $10 million; increased depreciation, depletion and amortization of $14 million; reduced revenue from gas brokerage of $2 million and other decreases of $9 million. Included in the other decreases are non-recurring gains of $7 million from 1991 property sales. The increase in depreciation, depletion and amortization can be attributed to increased volumes.
COAL. Coal operations include mining, processing and marketing of coal from Company-owned reserves and from other sources, and the brokering of coal for others.
1993 Versus 1992. The decrease in coal revenues results from decreased prices more than offsetting increased volumes sold and brokered. The purchase of the Soldier Creek Mine in late 1993 added 600,000 tons/year of new capacity.
The operating profit increase results from increased volumes of $13 million, reduced operating expenses of $6 million and other of $1 million more than offsetting lower prices of $18 million. Operating expenses were reduced by expanding the percentage of overall production from the lower-cost Utah operations.
1992 Versus 1991. The decrease in operating revenues is a result of decreased sales volumes and lower prices. The tonnage, excluding brokerage, decreased approximately 1%. Sales prices decreased at all mines.
Operating profit increased 