 delivery of systems used in the pulp and paper and industrial systems industries. "Industrial Systems" includes systems for plastics, metals, rubber, and other products.
For information regarding sales by geographic location see the section "Business Segments" under Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders.
MXOpen
In March 1992 the MXOpen(TM) product line was introduced at the Technical Association of the Pulp and Paper Institute (TAPPI) trade show in Atlanta, Georgia. MXOpen is an integrated information and control system that uses industry-standard computer and communication protocols. The product line was developed over a three-year period and represents a substantial investment in research and development, manufacturing and marketing expenses.
In January 1993, at the Canadian Pulp and Paper Association (CPPA) trade show in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, the Company launched the MXOpen PrecisionPLUS(TM) intelligent measurement system. PrecisionPLUS features new distributed sensor intelligence, advanced sensor technology and faster scanning capabilities. The InfrandPlus moisture sensor uses principles of optical physics to ensure accurate moisture measurement consistently on every grade.
The MXOpen Integrated Control System provides end-users with a combination of integration and open architecture. MXOpen features: [] Modular systems with capability for total machine optimization; [] Open systems architecture based on international industry standards for flexibility and expandability; and [] Integrated information and control with real-time millwide visibility for management decision-making.
The MXOpen millwide product line includes: [] Intelligent Sensors and Scanners [] Distributed Control System [] Profile Actuation [] Web Inspection [] Millwide Information [] Integrated Machine Monitoring [] Complete Integrated Control System
The MXOpen Measurement Control System (MCS) was introduced to industrial system custom