y or final regulations dealing with contingent payments. Proposed regulations dealing with contingent payments were issued in 1986 and modified in 1991 (the Proposed Regulations).
Under the Proposed Regulations, each payment (at the time the amount of such payment becomes fixed) made to the Trust with respect to the Wasson Royalties will be treated first as consisting of a payment of interest to the extent of interest deemed accrued under the OID rules and the excess (if any) will be treated as a payment of principal. The total amount treated as principal will be limited to the amount of the purchase price of each Depositary Unit allocated to the Wasson Royalties. For purposes of determining the amount of accrued interest, the Proposed Regulations require the use of the Applicable Federal Rate based on the due date of the final payment due under the terms of each of the production payments, which for the Wasson Willard Royalty and the Wasson ODC Royalty is December 31, 2003 and December 31, 2007, respectively.
Holders will also be required to recognize and report OID interest income attributable to the Treasury Obligations. In general, the total amount of OID interest income a Holder will be required to recognize will be calculated as the difference between the amount of the purchase price of a Depositary Unit allocated to the Treasury Obligations and the pro rata portion of the face amount of such Treasury Obligations attributable to the Depositary Unit. The amount of OID interest income so calculated will be included in income by a Holder on the basis of a constant interest rate computation.
ROYALTY INCOME AND DEPLETION
The income from the Net Profits Royalties will be royalty income subject to an allowance for depletion. The depletion allowance must be computed separately by each Holder for each oil or gas property (within the meaning of Code Section 614). The IRS presently takes the position that a net profits interest carved out of multiple properties is a sing