Dakota, Oklahoma, Texas and Wyoming. Of these, all but Texas and Wyoming have income taxes applicable to individuals. As stated, Texas currently has no income tax and the Reserve Report reflects that more than 50% of the estimated future net cash inflows generated by the Trust will be attributable to properties located in Texas. A Holder may be required to file state income tax returns
and/or to pay taxes in those states imposing income taxes and may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with such requirements. Further, in some states the Trust may be taxed as a separate entity.
The Depositary will provide information prepared by the Trustee concerning the Depositary Units sufficient to identify the income from Depositary Units that is allocable to each state. Holders of Depositary Units should consult their own tax advisors to determine their income tax filing requirements with respect to their share of income of the Trust allocable to states imposing an income tax on such income.
The Trust Units represented by Depositary Units may constitute real property or an interest in real property under the inheritance, estate and probate laws of some or all of the states listed above. If the Depositary Units are held to be real property or an interest in real property under the laws of a state in which the Royalty Properties are located, the holders of Depositary Units may be subject to devolution, probate and administration laws, and inheritance or estate and similar taxes under the laws of such state.
DESCRIPTION OF THE TREASURY OBLIGATIONS
The Treasury Obligations consist of a portfolio of interest coupons stripped from United States Treasury Bonds. All of the Treasury Obligations become due on the Liquidation Date in the aggregate face amount of $126,000,000, which amount equals $20 per outstanding Depositary Unit. The Treasury Obligations were purchased on behalf of the Depositary at a deep discount from face value at a price of $30.733 per hundred dollars, whi