 provides various postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for some of its employees. Effective January 1, 1991, such costs are calculated in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" ("FAS 106").
Depreciation
Depreciation and amortization are computed on the straight-line method based on the estimated useful life of the asset or asset group.
Research and Development Expenses
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred except for costs incurred (after technological feasibility is established) for computer software products expected to be sold. The Company expensed costs of approximately $41 million in 1993, $40 million in 1992, and $36 million in 1991 for research activities and product development. Computer software product development costs capitalized in 1993 amounted to $2 million.
Income Taxes
In 1991 the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" ("FAS 109"), and elected to apply the provisions retroactively to January 1, 1989.
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets for the tax effects of items that will be deducted for tax purposes in later years together with the tax effects of income items included in current reporting for tax purposes but in later years for financial statement purposes and the effects of certain tax attributes such as net operating losses.
The Company provides for United States income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on foreign earnings expected to be repatriated. Deferred tax liabilities are provided on the excess of the financial statement basis over the tax basis of certain assets, primarily for inventories and fixed assets, including fair value adjustments resulting from purchase accounting in connection with the Acquisition; fixed assets due to accelerated depreciation deductions for tax purposes; and non-permanent investments in certain foreign subs