ties upon the Company as a result of the criminal convictions or in connection with the matters alleged in the SEC Complaint, as well as the incurrence of any additional defense costs, could exacerbate, possibly materially, the Company's liquidity problems and its need to raise funds.
Copies of the Indictment and the SEC Complaint were attached as exhibits to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 16, 1992, filed with the SEC.
The Company is named as a nominal defendant in a shareholder derivative action entitled Harry Lewis and Gary Goldberg v. Gary A. Singer, Steven G. Singer, Arthur C. Bass, Joseph C. Feghali, Warren
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
J. Keegan, Robert S. Holcombe and Robert S. Weiss, which was filed on May 27, 1992 in the Court of Chancery, State of Delaware, New Castle County. On May 29, 1992, another plaintiff, Alfred Schecter, separately filed a derivative complaint in Delaware Chancery Court that was essentially identical to the Lewis and Goldberg complaint. Lewis and Goldberg later amended their complaint, and the Delaware Chancery Court thereafter consolidated the Lewis and Goldberg and Schecter actions as In re The Cooper Companies, Inc. Litigation, Consolidated C.A. 12584, and designated Lewis and Goldberg's amended complaint as the operative complaint (the 'First Amended Derivative Complaint'). The First Amended Derivative Complaint alleges that certain directors of the Company and Gary A. Singer, as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors, caused or allowed the Company to be a party to the 'trading scheme' that was the subject of the Indictment. The First Amended Derivative Complaint also alleges that the defendants violated their fiduciary duties to the Company by not vigorously investigating the allegations of securities fraud. The First Amended Derivative Complaint requests that the Court order the defendants (other than the Company) to pay damages an