 to quoted market prices, exceeded the carrying value by approximately $6,000,000 and $8,700,000 as of December 31, 1992 and 1993, respectively.
Foreign Currency Translation--Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated into United States dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the close of the period. Revenues and expenses of these subsidiaries are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. The aggregate effect of translating the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries is included in a separate component of stockholders' equity entitled Cumulative Translation Adjustment. In the normal course of business, the Company advances funds to certain of its foreign subsidiaries, which are not expected to be repaid in the foreseeable future. Translation adjustments resulting from these advances are included in Cumulative Translation Adjustment. In an attempt to minimize foreign exchange transaction gains and losses, forward contracts are used to hedge short-term advances to foreign subsidiaries and inventory purchases. Gains and losses on the transactions being hedged are offset by the gains or losses on these contracts. At December 31, 1993, the Company had approximately $85 million of short-term forward contracts outstanding. In 1991, 1992 and 1993, there were net foreign currency gains of $70,000, $843,000 and $283,000, respectively.
Net Income per Share--Net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents (common stock options) outstanding during the related period, unless such inclusion is antidilutive. The weighted average number of shares includes shares issuable upon the assumed exercise of stock options less the number of shares assumed purchased with the proceeds available from such exercise.
Fiscal Periods--The Company's fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Saturday nearest to December 31 and its fiscal quarters are th