ttings, Plumbing Products
Adrian B. Deshotel 48 Vice President, Human Resources
Cyril Gallimore 65 Vice President, Systems and Technology
Luigi Gandini 55 Vice President and Group Executive, European Plumbing Products
Daniel Hilger 53 Vice President and Group Executive, Air Conditioning Products in Europe, Middle East and Africa
Joachim D. Huwendiek 63 Vice President, Automotive Products in Germany
Name Age Position with Company
Frederick W. Jaqua 72 Vice President and General Counsel and Secretary
W. Craig Kissel 42 Vice President and Group Executive, Unitary Products Group
William A. Klug 62 Vice President, Trane International
Philippe Lamothe 57 Vice President, Automotive Products in France
G. Eric Nutter 58 Vice President, Automotive Products in the United Kingdom
Raymond D. Pipes 44 Vice President and Group Executive, Plumbing Products in the Far East
Bruce R. Schiller 49 Vice President and Group Executive, Compressor Business
James H. Schultz 45 Vice President and Group Executive, Commercial Systems Group
G. Ronald Simon 52 Vice President and Controller
Wade W. Smith 43 Vice President, U.S. Plumbing Products
Benson I. Stein 56 Vice President, General Auditor
Robert M. Wellbrock 47 Vice President, Taxes
Shigeru Mizushima 50 Director
Roger W. Parsons 52 Director
Frank T. Nickell 46 Director
J. Danforth Quayle* 47 Director
John Rutledge 45 Director
Joseph S. Schuchert* 65 Director
* The Management Development Committee functions as the compensation committee of the Company. Since December 2, 1993, its members have been Messrs. Quayle and Schuchert. Prior thereto Mr. Schuchert and two other directors who retired in December, Richard M. Cyert and Edward Donley, served as members of the committee.
Directors are elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are elected. Messrs. Kampouris, Mizushima, Nickell, and Schuchert were elected in 1988; Mr. Kerckhove in September 1990; Mr. Hinrichs in March 1991; Dr. Rutledge in