, consisting of deposits and borrowed funds, increased by $532 million, or 4.9%, to $11.5 billion in 1993. Total deposits averaged $10.5 billion, an increase of $416 million, or 4.1% over 1992. Bank acquisitions accounted for the deposit growth. A change in the mix of deposits has occurred as customers have moved deposits to passbook and demand accounts to maintain liquidity. A future consequence of this movement of deposits may be an increased sensitivity to rising interest rates if these deposits flow back to term certificates or nonbank investment alternatives. The changing relationships of fund sources are shown in Table 10.
TABLE 10 AVERAGE FUND SOURCES
Core deposits, which include transaction accounts and consumer deposits, are Firstar's predominant and most stable source of funds. These deposits equaled $9.6 billion, an increase of $439 million, or 4.8% over 1992. Core deposits represent 84% of average fund sources. Firstar's expanding member bank network allows it to attract core deposits from its many markets.
Commercial deposits were reduced by $22 million on average which was offset by increased levels of short-term borrowed funds which rose by $130 million. The net increase in non-core deposit funds was used to meet the increased loan demand of Firstar's customers.
CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT
Since the mid-1980's, credit management has been refined through procedural and personnel changes. Emphasis on credit quality standards and diversification of risk have been key strategies. The benefits of this program are seen in the significant reductions in nonperforming assets and overall credit quality achieved during the past several years. During this period nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans and other real estate have declined from 1.87% in 1990 to .72% at the end of 1993. Put in perspective of Firstar's peer group of banks, this placed Firstar near the top 10% for asset quality.
Nonperforming assets consist of loans that are not accruing interest, loa