lation related increases in operating expenses have not been material during the past year.
July 21, 1994
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
ITEM 9.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES
(a) As of November 3, 1993, KPMG Peat Marwick was terminated as the Trust's independent accountant. The Trust's financial statements for its fiscal year ended September 30, 1992 contained a report of KPMG Peat Marwick which included an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about the Trust's ability to continue as a going concern because of the Trust's recurring losses, non-compliance with certain loan covenants and significant loan repayments due in fiscal 1993 on its long term notes payable. Similarly, the Trust's financial statements for its fiscal year ended September 30, 1991 contained a report of KPMG Peat Marwick which included an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about the Trust's ability to continue as a going concern because of the Trust's recurring losses, non- compliance with certain loan covenants and significant loan repayments due in fiscal 1992 under its bank debt and debenture agreements.
The Board of Trustees of the Trust decided to solicit bids from independent accountants, including KPMG Peat Marwick, for accounting services to be provided to the Trust. KPMG Peat Marwick submitted a bid but was not the winning bidder and thus has been terminated. The winning bidder was Coopers & Lybrand. The decision to change independent accountants was approved by the Board of Trustees.
During the two most recent fiscal years preceding KPMG Peat Marwick's termination, there were no disagreements with KPMG Peat Marwick on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which would have caused it to make a reference to the subject
July 21, 1994
matter of the disagreement in connection with its report. Furthe