MISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
Not applicable.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
The following information on executive officers of Household International is included pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K. Information with respect to Mr. Clark is incorporated herein by reference to "Election of Household Directors--Information Regarding Nominees" in Household International's definitive Proxy Statement for its 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held May 11, 1994 (the "1994 Proxy Statement"). References herein to "Household" refer to Household International, Inc. for all periods after June 26, 1981 (the date of the corporate restructuring by which Household International became the holding company of Household Finance Corporation) and to Household Finance Corporation on and before such date.
Robert F. Elliott, age 53, was appointed Group Executive-Office of the President in 1993. Prior thereto he was the Group Executive-U.S. Consumer Finance and Australia. Mr. Elliott joined Household in 1964 and has served in various capacities in the Company's consumer finance business during his career with Household.
Joseph W. Saunders, age 48, was appointed Group Executive-Office of the President in 1993, having previously served as Group Executive-U.S. BankCard and Canada: He is also President of the Company's subsidiary, Household Bank, National Association. Prior to joining Household in 1985, Mr. Saunders was Vice President-Credit Card Operations of Bank of America.
Antonia Shusta, age 44, was appointed to her present position as Group Executive-Office of the President in 1993. Ms. Shusta joined Household in 1988 as Group Executive-Mortgage Banking and Acquisitions and most recently served as Group Executive-U.S. Consumer and Mortgage Banking and the United Kingdom. Prior to joining Household, she was employed with Citicorp for 16 years, most recently as division executive for its Northern Latin American operation.
Glen O. Fick, age