nted the proposed rate increase, subject to refund. On July 23, 1993, the KPSC issued an Order authorizing Union Light to increase annual gas revenues by $3.9 million effective retroactively to April 26, 1993. The authorized rates were not placed into effect pending resolution of Union Light's request for rehearing of the Order. On August 31, 1993, the KPSC granted an additional annual increase of $247,000. Union Light has placed these rates into effect and has refunded the excess revenue collected with interest to customers.
In April 1992, FERC issued Order 636 which restructures the relationships between interstate gas pipelines and their customers for gas sales and transportation services. Order 636 will result in changes in the way Union Light purchases gas supplies and contracts for transportation and storage services, and will result in increased risks in managing the ability to meet demand.
Order 636 also allows pipelines to recover transition costs they incur in complying with the Order from customers, including Union Light. The KPSC has issued an Order which allows recovery of these transition costs through Union Light's purchased gas adjustment clause. Order 636 transition costs are not expected to significantly impact Union Light.
The Energy Act addresses several matters affecting electric utilities including mandated open access to the electric transmission system and greater encouragement of independent power production and cogeneration. Union Light cannot predict the long-term consequences the Energy Act will have on its operations.
In recent years several new accounting standards have been issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. While the impact on earnings and cash flow associated with the new standards has been relatively minor, these accounting changes do affect the recognition and presentation of amounts reported in Union Light's financial statements. For information in addition to that provided below on recently adopted accounting sta