Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity. In addition, when management determines that a security has been impaired by a loss which is other than temporary, the Association writes the security down in accordance with its accounting policies as outlined in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and ceases to accrue interest on it. At December 31, 1993, the Association had no investments which were deemed to have been impaired by an other than temporary loss.
Northeast Savings is required by federal regulations to maintain a specified minimum amount of liquid assets which must be invested in certain securities. Management maintains liquidity at a level to assure adequate funds, taking into account anticipated cash flows and available sources of credit, and to afford future flexibility to meet deposit withdrawal requests and loan commitments. Northeast Savings' liquidity portfolio is carried in the available-for-sale portfolio at fair value. As required by federal regulations, Northeast Savings maintains its liquidity ratio above 5%, and its short term liquid asset ratio above 1% of net withdrawable deposits and borrowings payable in one year or less. For the year ended December 31, 1993, Northeast Savings' liquidity ratio averaged 5.67%, compared to 9.88% for the nine months ended December 31, 1992 and 5.83% and for the year ended March 31, 1992. For the same respective periods, the Association's short term liquid asset ratio averaged 2.34%, 5.00%, and 3.31%.
The following tables reflect the carrying value of the Association's investment securities and the weighted average yield based on the amortized cost for each category at the dates indicated. Both the amortized cost and the fair value of these securities may be found in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The following table shows the maturity distribution of the amortized cost and the weighted average yields based on amortized cost