e Corporation, a subsidiary acquired from Elm Financial, was established to, from time to time, participate in real estate joint venture activities.
EFS/San Diego Service Corporation, a subsidiary acquired from Elm Financial, owns assets which are leased to others.
At December 31, 1993, the total amount the Bank was authorized to invest in subsidiary service corporations, not including amounts authorized for investment in conforming loans, was 2% of its total assets, or approximately $74.1 million. At that date, the Bank's direct investment (consisting of capital stock and nonconforming loans) in its service corporations was $14.6 million.
During 1991, the Company established ANI whose business consists of the sale of annuity products. Prior to the incorporation of ANI, annuity products had been sold by St. Paul Service. During 1993, ANI and St. Paul Service executed a percentage lease revenue sharing arrangement whereby ANI pays St. Paul Service a portion of its commission on the sale of annuity products for use of St. Paul Service's facilities and access to its customers.
On June 30, 1993, the Company purchased St. Paul Financial Development Corporation ("Development Corporation") from the Bank. The purchase price of the transaction was $9.2 million and represented the fair market value of the Development Corporation at that date (as determined by an independent valuation).
EMPLOYEES
At December 31, 1993 St. Paul Federal had 1,046 full-time equivalent employees. The 1,046 consists of 917 full-time employees and 246 part-time employees and 81 reserve employees. The St. Paul Federal employee benefit program includes, among other benefits, an educational assistance program to encourage ongoing employee development. In 1993, 84 employees were involved in undergraduate, graduate and management certificate programs. In addition, 190 employees have become Illinois Life Producers Representatives and 91 employees have become registered with the National Association of Secu