 series of systems which feature fully integrated real-time hardware and software capabilities and additionally a metacomputing environment consisting of specialized hardware systems integrated with advanced software. All Convex supercomputers offer a broad range of price and performance for its customers. These families of systems provide a smooth growth path from a single-processor scalar/vector machine to a high- end, eight-processor, tightly-coupled, parallel supercomputer. The Company's memory subsystem ensures that memory access is rarely a bottleneck and that processors can operate at their full potential. Large physical memory, expandable up to four gigabytes, allows applications to fit in physical memory, thereby reducing the time required for large simulations.
Convex systems utilize all three forms of processing common in scientific and engineering applications: scalar processing in which operations are performed on one element at a time; vector processing, in which simultaneous operations occur on arrays of data; and parallel processing, in which two or more processors simultaneously operate on different portions of a program. A distinctive hardware- based technology, Automatic Self-Allocating Processors ("ASAP"), automatically takes software code that has been parallelized by the Convex compilers and splits it among the available processors. This technique is faster and more efficient than the commonly used static allocation technique which assigns processors to execute a single job and leaves idle processors waiting for parallel code that may never arrive. Unlike other parallel processing architectures, the ASAP approach never requires the programmer to use special programming techniques to take advantage of the parallel hardware technology.
The Company is also presently developing the next generation C Series family of products. This generation is intended to replace the existing C3 Series of products. The new products will be compatible with existing