omotive Products Business manufacturing facility.
Future cash requirements include working capital requirements for anticipated sales increases in the Environmental Control Business, the Chemical Business and the Automotive Products Business, and funding for future capital expenditures, primarily in the Chemical Business and the Environmental Control Business. Funding for the higher accounts receivable resulting from anticipated sales increases will be provided by the Chemical Business' revolving credit facilities previously discussed and the accounts receivable financing provided by Bank IV. As previously discussed, the accounts receivable financing is temporary and will be replaced with the comprehensive line of credit that the Company is attempting to negotiate. Inventory requirements for the higher anticipated sales activity should be met by scheduled reductions in the inventories of the Environmental Control and Automotive Products Businesses, both of which increased their inventories in 1992 beyond required levels. During November 1993, the Company's Chemical Business acquired an additional concentrated nitric acid plant and related assets for approximately $1.9 million. The Chemical Business is in the process of moving such plant and assets from Illinois to, and installing such at, its manufacturing plant located in El Dorado, Arkansas. The Company anticipates that the total amount that will be expended to acquire, move and install the plant and assets will be approximately $12.0 million for which the Company expects to obtain financing secured by such assets. The Company expects the plant and asset installation to be compete and operational by the end of 1994. The Company also has planned capital expenditures for the Environmental Control Business to acquire certain machinery and equipment for approximately $4 million in 1994. Approximately $2 million of these expenditures are expected to be financed by the sellers of said machinery and
equipment. The remain