en dollars ($10) and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, Borrower, Lender and Escrow Agent hereby covenant and agree as follows:
1. Transfer Documents. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that in order to enable Lender to avoid the time and expense of pursuing a foreclosure upon the occurrence of a default beyond applicable grace and cure periods, if any, under the Loan Documents (as defined in Exhibit A), on the date hereof, original copies of the documents and instruments described in Exhibit B attached hereto (hereinafter referred to as the Transfer Documents) executed by Borrower have been delivered to Escrow Agent.
2. Receipt by Escrow Agent. Escrow Agent acknowledges receipt of the Transfer Documents and agrees to establish an escrow (hereinafter referred to as the Escrow) and hold the Transfer Documents in escrow pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.
3. Breaking of Escrow. Upon the receipt by Escrow Agent of a certification in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto (the "TRANSFER DIRECTION NOTICE"), Escrow Agent shall immediately complete, by dating and filling in all blanks as appropriate, and deliver to Lender or Lender's nominee, designee or assignee the Transfer Documents, it being understood that the Property may be transferred to Lender, its nominee, designee or assignee, as directed by Lender. Borrower hereby authorizes and empowers Lender as attorney-in-fact of Borrower, to complete the Transfer Documents as described above and to execute any such further documentation as is reasonably necessary to effectuate any such transfer; provided, however, that Lender shall not execute pursuant to said power of attorney any further documentation that would create any recourse liability on behalf of Borrower or any of its partners. The power of attorney granted to Lender pursuant to this paragraph shall be deemed coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contain