quired in the future, particularly if changes are made in the requirements of the CWA or other applicable federal or state laws.
A small wastewater plant owned by Consumers Illinois serving the University Park area will require approximately $2.0 to $3.0 million of capital investment over the next three years to correct periodic excursions in discharge permit requirements. A consent decree addressing these excursions and the alleged resulting stream bed contamination is being negotiated with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency (the IEPA).
At Consumers Illinois, a small wastewater plant serving the Candlewick area will require approximately $2.2 to $3.0 million of capital investment due to periodic excursions in discharge permit requirements. The IEPA has restricted Consumers Illinois from extending its sewer lines in the Candlewick service area until the plant capital program is complete.
The Poland Filtration Plant, which is operated by Ohio Water, has been disposing of treatment precipitate at an abandoned strip mine. The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency has informed Ohio Water that it must find an alternative method of disposal for the treatment precipitate. This issue is being studied and the cost for the alternative disposal method is estimated at $500,000 to $1.0 million.
The SDWA established uniform minimum national quality standards for drinking water. The EPA regulations, promulgated pursuant to the SDWA, set standards on the amount of certain inorganic and organic chemical contaminants, microbials and radionuclides in drinking water. The 1986 amendments to the SDWA require that the EPA promulgate new primary water standards for 83 contaminants. The EPA has not met the timetable established in the amendments but is developing new water quality standards and, to date, has issued regulations on volatile synthetic organic chemicals, inorganic chemicals, surface water treatment, microbials, lead and copper. Reauthorization of the SDWA is scheduled 