nd. Deposits held in these branches totaled approximately $427 million as of December 31, 1993. Shawmut will pay a premium of three percent to Northeast Savings for deposits on hand in these branches at the time of closing. The transaction is expected to close by the end of the second quarter, and is subject to regulatory approval. The sale will permit Northeast Savings to focus its resources on its four significant deposit markets: the capital region of New York State; Hartford, Connecticut; and Springfield and Worcester, Massachusetts. The sale of the branches will also strengthen the Company's financial position and enhance its profitability. When the transaction is finalized, Northeast Savings will operate thirty-eight branches, thirty-two of which are in those markets.
Supervisory Goodwill. Management believes that, based on the Association's constitutional rights and legal rights under its 1982 contracts with the FSLIC and the FHLBB, the supervisory goodwill generated by the 1982 acquisitions was includable for purposes of all regulatory capital requirements. However, as discussed in the Regulations section, current regulatory capital requirements of the OTS, the successor agency to the FHLBB, exclude supervisory goodwill from regulatory capital to the extent that such supervisory goodwill is in excess of a specified allowed amount, which was initially 1.5% of tangible assets but which declines to zero after December 31, 1994.
As a result of the impact of the OTS regulations on its regulatory capital position, Northeast Savings asserted its constitutional rights and its contractual rights to the inclusion in capital of the then remaining balance of the supervisory goodwill in a complaint filed on December 6, 1989 in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia (the district court). On July 16, 1991, the district court dismissed the lawsuit, ruling that it lacked jurisdiction over the action, but that Northeast Savings could bring a damages act