TION PURSUANT TO PLANS
The Corporation has a tax qualified retirement plan applicable to the
Executive Officers, to which the Corporation makes annual contributions in
amounts determined by the Plan's actuaries. The Plan does not have an offset
for Social Security and is fully paid for by the Corporation. Under the Plan,
employees become fully vested after five years of participation and normal
retirement age under the Plan is age 65 but actuarially reduced benefits may be
available for early retirement at age 55. The benefit formula is 1.1% of the
highest consecutive five year average earnings in the final ten years, times
years of service.
The Corporation adopted a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) in
1988, for all officers listed in the compensation table and certain key
employees, covering retirement after completion of ten years of service and
attainment of age 55. The combined retirement benefit at age 65 provided by
the Plan and the SERP is 50% of the highest consecutive five year average
earnings in the final ten years of service. The participants are eligible for
reduced benefits for early retirement at age 55. A benefit equal to 50% of the
benefit otherwise payable at age 65 is paid to the surviving spouse of any
participant, who has had at least five years of service, commencing on the
later of the month following the participant's death or the month the
participant would have reached age 55. In addition, there is an offset for
pensions from other companies. Certain provisions, applicable if there is a
change of control, are discussed below under Termination of Employment and
Change of Control Arrangement.
The following shows the annual pension that would be payable, without
offset, under the Plan and the SERP to the individuals named in the compensa-
tion table assuming continued employment to retirement at age 65, but no change
in level of compensation:
(c) COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
In 1993, each Director who was not employed by the Corporat