idate foreclosed properties.
ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)
Competition (Continued)
As described above and in ITEM 13. "CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS - Related Party Transactions", most of the Trustees of the Trust also serve as officers, directors or trustees of CMET, IORT, TCI, VPT and Tarragon. The Trust's Trustees owe fiduciary duties to such other entities as well as to the Trust under applicable law. In determining to which entity a particular investment opportunity will be allocated, the trustees or directors and Tarragon consider the respective investment objectives of each such entity and the appropriateness of a particular investment in light of each such entity's existing real estate and mortgage notes receivable portfolios. To the extent that any particular investment opportunity is appropriate to more than one of such entities, such investment opportunity will be allocated to the entity which has had uninvested funds for the longest period of time or, if appropriate, the investment may be shared among all or some of such entities.
In addition, also as described in ITEM 13. "CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS - Certain Business Relationships", the Trust also competes with other entities which may have investment objectives similar to the Trust's and that may compete with the Trust in purchasing, selling, leasing and financing real estate and real estate related investments. In resolving any potential conflicts of interest which may arise, Tarragon has informed the Trust that it intends to exercise its best judgment as to what is fair and reasonable under the circumstances in accordance with applicable law.
Certain Factors Associated with Real Estate and Related Investments
The Trust is subject to all the risks incident to ownership and financing of real estate and interests therein, many of which relate to the general illiquidity of real estate investments. These risks include, but are not limited to, changes in general or loca