96, $166,000 in 1997 and $2,053,000 in 1998. Effective April 30, 1992, the Trust extended, for three years, the maturity date of the loan on one of its Minneapolis properties. In accordance with the applicable loan agreement, the Trust paid to the Lender $92,000 of deferred accrued interest at the date of the Note extension. The principal amount of this mortgage as of December 31, 1992 was $2,141,000. This Note may be extended, subject to certain conditions, by the Trust for one additional three year period. The payoff of this Note in the amount of $1,894,000 is included in the total principal payments due in 1998. In addition to being collateralized by a mortgage on the property, this Note is recourse to the Trust.
NOTE 8 -- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:
Environmental Matters.
The Trust has been notified of the possible existence of underground contamination at Tamarac Square, the Trust's Denver retail property. The source of the possible contamination is apparently related to underground storage tanks located on an adjacent property. This adjacent property was placed on Colorado's list of leaking underground storage tanks. A second potential source of contamination is a nearby tract on which a service station was formerly operated. The owner of the adjacent property is currently conducting studies under the direction of the Colorado Department of Health in an attempt to define the contamination and institute an appropriate plan to address the situation. At this time, the Trust does not anticipate any exposure relative to this issue. The Trust has not been notified (except with respect to Tamarac Square), and is not otherwise aware of any material non-compliance, liability or claim relating to hazardous or toxic substances in connection with any of its properties.
Litigation.
The Trust is involved in a property lawsuit arising in the normal course of business. In management's opinion, the Trust maintains adequate insurance to cover any potential loss from this sui