les in 1993 (as compared to 17% in 1992 and 15% in 1991). The loss of the ability to distribute a particularly popular product could result in losses of sales unrelated to that product. The loss of a direct relationship between the Company and any of its key suppliers could have an adverse impact on the Company's business and financial results.
CUSTOMERS AND CUSTOMER SERVICES
Merisel sells to more than 65,000 computer resellers worldwide. Merisel's customers include VARs, large hardware and software retail chains and franchisees, computer superstores, mass merchants, Macintosh, Unix and other corporate resellers, systems integrators, and original equipment manufacturers as well as independently owned retail outlets and consultants. Merisel's smaller customers often do not have the resources to establish a large number of direct purchasing relationships or stock significant product inventories. Consequently, they tend to purchase a high percentage of their products from distributors. Larger resellers often establish direct relationships with manufacturers for their more popular products, but utilize distributors for slower-moving products and for fill-in orders of fast-moving products which may not be available on a timely basis from manufacturers. No single customer accounted for more than 2.0% of Merisel's net sales in 1991, 1992 or 1993.
In Merisel's wholesale distribution business, the Company offers its customers a single source of supply, prompt delivery, financing programs and customer support.
Single Source Provider. Merisel offers computer resellers a single source for over 25,000 competitively priced hardware and software products. By purchasing from Merisel, the reseller only needs to comply with a single set of ordering, billing and product return procedures and may also benefit from attractive volume pricing. In addition, resellers are allowed, within specified time limits, to return slow-moving products from one manufacturer in exchange for more popular