a Unilateral Administrative Order (Index No. II-CERCLA 20205) with respect to operable unit two in March 1992 to the Company and 30 other PRPs directing immediate removal activities including the cleanup of waste, surface water and building surfaces. The Company has agreed to pay approximately 50% of the operable unit two costs, up to $2.5 million.
At Granite City, the RIFS is complete, and the U.S. EPA selected a remedy estimated to cost approximately $28 million. In July 1991, the United States filed an action in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois against the Company and others (United States of America v. NL Industries, Inc., et al., Civ. No. 91-CV 00578) with respect to the Granite City smelter. The complaint seeks injunctive relief to compel the defendants to comply with an administrative order issued pursuant to CERCLA, and fines and treble damages for the alleged failure to comply with the order. The Company and the other parties did not comply with the order believing that the remedy selected by the U.S. EPA was invalid, arbitrary, capricious and not in accordance with law. The complaint also seeks recovery of past costs of $.3 million and a declaration that the defendants are liable for future costs. Although the action was filed against the Company and ten other defendants, there are 330 other PRPs who have been notified by the U.S. EPA. Some of those notified were also respondents to the administrative order. In February 1992, the court entered a case management order directing that the remedy issues be tried before the liability aspects are presented. At a status conference in January 1993, the court ordered the parties to consider the submission of proposals to a Technical Advisory Committee, whose role would be to advise the court as to the technical issues in the case. The government has opposed the establishment of a Technical Advisory Committee. The court has not ruled on the matter. The government has agreed to reopen the