From 1981 to 1989, Mr. Cardman was employed by Tandem Computers Incorporated. Mr. Cardman's two most recent positions with Tandem were as General Counsel and Director of Business Development for Tandem Computers Europe and as the Director of International Business. Mr. Cardman holds a BA from Washington University and a JD from Duke University.
Mr. Jones joined Convex in October 1982 as the Manager of Hardware Development, and in March 1988 was appointed Vice President, Advanced Development. In March 1993 Mr. Jones was named Vice President and General Manager, Data Management Systems. Prior to joining Convex, Mr. Jones was Manager of Logic Design at the Data General facility in North Carolina. Mr. Jones holds a BS in Engineering Physics from the University of California, Berkeley.
Mr. McMartin joined Convex in May 1989 as Director, Treasury Services and Investor Relations and was named Controller, Worldwide Sales, Service and Marketing in July 1990. Mr. McMartin was promoted to Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer in March 1993. Prior to joining Convex, Mr. McMartin worked for Texas Instruments Incorporated in various finance and accounting positions, most recently as Controller, Peripheral Products Division. Mr. McMartin holds a BA from Trinity University and an MBA from the University of Michigan.
Mr. McQuay joined Convex in 1984 as Material Operations Manager. In April 1993, Mr. McQuay was named Vice President of Manufacturing. He worked approximately 14 years for Texas Instruments in manufacturing, production control, and material planning management before joining Convex. Mr. McQuay holds a BA degree in Marketing from the University of Houston.
Mr. Rock joined Convex as Vice President of Operations in November 1983, and was named Senior Vice President in January 1990. In April 1993, Mr. Rock was promoted to Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and was named President in May 1993. Mr. Rock previously worked for Texas Instruments from