de depending upon the length of time equipment has been in service without a major overhaul, the amount of work found necessary when the equipment is dismantled, and outage requirements to comply with the CAAA.
M-13
Depreciation expense increases resulted primarily from additions to electric plant. Because of the increased levels of capital expenditures as a result of the CAAA (see Note J to the financial statements) and the replacement of aging equipment at the Company's power stations, depreciation expense is expected to increase significantly over the next few years.
Taxes other than income increased $1 million in 1993 primarily due to increases in gross receipts taxes resulting from higher revenues from retail customers ($1 million) and increased property taxes ($1 million), offset by decreased West Virginia Business and Occupation taxes (B&O taxes) ($1 million) due to decreased generation in that state. The 1992 decrease resulted from decreased B&O taxes ($2 million) and prior period B&O tax adjustments ($2 million), offset somewhat by increases in gross receipts and property taxes ($2 million).
The net increase of $6 million in federal and state income taxes in 1993 resulted primarily from an increase in income before taxes ($4 million), and an increase in the tax rate due to the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 ($1 million). The net decrease in 1992 of $3 million resulted primarily from plant removal and certain bond refinancing cost tax deductions for which deferred taxes were not provided. Note B to the financial statements provides a further analysis of income tax expenses.
The combined increase of $2 million in allowances for funds used during construction (AFUDC) in 1993 reflects increased construction expenditures primarily associated with the CAAA, net of CAAA amounts included in rate base and earning a cash return. Future levels of AFUDC can be expected to decrease as the Company completes its Phase I compliance program. The decrease in other income