r ended December 31, 1993 as compared to the same periods in 1992 due to the change from the equity to the cost method of accounting for the Partnership's investment in the Coto de Caza joint venture, which resulted in the Partnership no longer recording its ownership share of the loss from the Coto de Caza venture's operations. See Liquidity and Capital Resources above for further discussion of the change in ownership of the Coto de Caza joint venture. The increase was also attributable to the earnings generated from the two joint ventures formed during the second half of 1992 for the purpose of constructing homes within the Partnership's Weston Community. See Liquidity and Capital Resources above and Notes 1 and 7 for further discussion regarding these joint venture interests. The increase in equity in losses of unconsolidated ventures in 1992 in comparison to 1991 is due primarily to the Partnership's ownership interest in the Coto de Caza joint venture. Increased operating losses were generated by the Coto de Caza joint venture primarily due to the expensing of costs that previously qualified for capitalization. In addition, interest income earned by the joint venture decreased in comparison to 1991 due to the sale of the venture's mortgage portfolio in the fourth quarter of 1991. The increase in losses during 1992 is also attributable to the Partnership's ownership interest in a commercial joint venture located in Ocala, Florida. This venture's 1991 results of operations included profits from land sale activity, while no land sales occurred for this venture in 1992. These unfavorable variances were partially offset by the Partnership's interest in the Cullasaja joint venture's losses no longer being included in equity in losses of unconsolidated ventures due to the purchase in 1992 of the joint venture partner's interest in the venture. The results of operations for Cullasaja since that purchase have been consolidated in the accompanying Consolidated Statement 