from Honolulu to Osaka; and, beginning in 1993, from Los Angeles to Hong Kong, and from Chicago to Seoul. Effective October 1994, United plans to offer nonstop service between Los Angeles and Osaka and, as soon as government approvals are received, service between Los Angeles and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, via Taipei. South Pacific traffic to Auckland, Melbourne and Sydney is served from Los Angeles. United plans to begin nonstop service between San Francisco and Sydney beginning in June 1994 (subject to the approval of the Australian government), further strengthening United's San Francisco international hub and supplementing United's Los Angeles to Sydney service. United also has code-sharing agreements with two South Pacific air carriers, Ansett Australia and Ansett New Zealand. Based on reports filed with the Department of Transportation, United was the leading U.S. carrier in the Pacific in 1993 in terms of revenue passenger miles. During 1993, United's Pacific Division accounted for 25% of United's revenues.
Service between the U.S. and Europe is provided by: flights from six U.S. cities to the London hub, with connecting service at London to several European cities; flights from four U.S. cities to Paris, with connecting service to two European cities; and nonstop service from Dulles to Brussels, Frankfurt, Madrid, Milan/Rome and, beginning in 1993, to Amsterdam, Glasgow and Zurich; and from Chicago to Frankfurt. European traffic is also served by United's code-sharing agreements with British Midland and Emirates. In addition, in 1993 a comprehensive marketing agreement was signed with Germany's flag carrier, Lufthansa, and is awaiting governmental approvals. If approved, this worldwide alliance would, among other things, allow code-sharing between the two airlines on Transatlantic route segments, and would permit United to code-share on Lufthansa flights to eight cities in Germany beyond Frankfurt (Berlin, Cologne, Dusseldorf, Hanover, Hamburg, Munich, Nurem