ges, may be purchased by the Company at a mutually agreed-upon price. The Company is reimbursed by IBM for any price adjustments and concessions which reduce the amount of receivables previously purchased by the Company. The operating agreement with IBM also provides that IBM will offer term leases of the Company to creditworthy potential lessees. IBM's sales price of the equipment to the Company will be at the purchase price payable by the lessee, unless otherwise agreed to.
The Company has an agreement with IBM which provides that losses on receivables arising from purchases of IBM equipment by IBM and Lexmark dealers and remarketers in excess of 2.25 percent of the average aggregate monthly receivable balance for any given year will be reimbursed to the Company by IBM. The Company has not received any payments from IBM as a result of this agreement.
The Company has a liquidity agreement with IBM International Financing, N.V. (IIF), whereby the Company has agreed to advance funds to IIF, as an enhancement to IIF's ability to carry out business. The amount of the advances is not to exceed the greater of $500.0 million or 5 percent of the Company's total assets. To support this arrangement, the Company entered into a backup agreement with IBM, whereby IBM has agreed to advance funds to the Company, in amounts not to exceed the greater of $500.0 million or 5 percent of the Company's total assets, if at any time the Company requires such funds to satisfy its agreement with IIF. The Company has neither received nor made any advances with respect to these liquidity agreements as of December 31, 1993.
From time to time, the Company has provided IBM and its affiliates with funds at prevailing interest rates.
NET INVESTMENT IN CAPITAL LEASES:
The Company's capital lease portfolio includes direct financing and leveraged leases.
Direct financing leases consist principally of IBM information handling equipment with terms generally from three to five years. The components of t