ncome tax rate for 1991 was lower than the Company's statutory tax rate primarily as a result of non-recurring adjustments that reduced amounts provided for income taxes in prior years by $4.5 million.
The adoption of SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," effective January 1, 1993, did not materially affect results of operations. However, for 1993, the federal income tax rate for corporations increased from 34 to 35 percent. The cumulative effect of the tax rate increase was recorded in the third quarter of 1993 and resulted in additional income tax expense of $0.6 million, an increase in deferred tax liabilities of $3.0 million, and an increase in regulatory assets of $2.6 million.
Financial Condition - -------------------
The weather-sensitive nature of gas usage by Northwest Natural's residential and commercial customers influences the Company's financial condition, including its financing requirements, from one quarter to the next. Liquidity requirements are satisfied primarily through the use of commercial paper, which is supported by commercial bank lines of credit (see "Lines of Credit" and "Commercial Paper" below).
Capital Structure -----------------
The Company's long-term goal is to maintain a capital structure comprised of 40 to 45 percent common stock equity, 5 to 10 percent preferred and preference stock and 45 to 50 percent short-term and long-term debt. This target structure is managed by issuing new debt or equity in response to market conditions and the status of accumulated earnings. The Company also uses these sources to meet long-term debt and preferred stock redemption requirements (see Notes 4 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Cash Flows ---------- Operating Activities --------------------
Cash provided from operating activities was higher in 1993 and 1991 as compared to 1992, primarily due to higher revenues from gas sales resulting from colder weather. Also, a portion of the increased cash provided from operating activi