ch as: market shares, trade marks, clients' lists, brands . . . Usually they are not amortized. However, each year, a careful examination is made to determine their market value. If their market value is inferior to their acquisition cost, a provision for depreciation is made.
The excess costs referring to unidentified elements are amortized over a maximum period of 40 years.
In any case, all goodwill of small value are immediately depreciated at 100%.
PUBLICIS COMMUNICATION
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)
As at December 31, 1993, considering the economic background (pooling of interest) of FCA! Group, the goodwill has been exceptionally written off against net equity.
Work in Progress:
Work in progress is valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
Billings:
Since March 31, 1993, the Sapin law has been changing the accounting principles applicable to Media Buying activities. In order to be able to show comparable Billings with last year and to be in line with the principles applied by our foreign competitors, our consolidated Media Revenues raised in France have been capitalised using the international multiple of 6,67.
Retirement Indemnities:
French Subsidiaries:
Potential and probable retirement indemnities including social security charges appear either on the Balance Sheet or are shown in the Contingent Liabilities. The criteria for choosing the treatment is the age of the employees concerned.
The yearly movements in the provision for the retirement indemnities shown on the Balance Sheet are accounted for in the expenses of the year.
Foreign Subsidiaries:
Retirement indemnities are accrued for in accordance with the laws and regulations specific to each country.
Statutory Profit Sharing:
The Statutory Profit Sharing related to the 1993 fiscal year and payable to the employees is accounted for on a consistent basis with last year.
Income Tax:
All actual and deferred Income Taxes payable are accounted for. Deferred Income Tax