3.
Deloitte & Touche
Hartford, Connecticut January 21, 1994 (February 9, 1994 as to Note 26)
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Northeast Federal Corp.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Northeast Federal Corp. as of December 31 and March 31, 1992, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for the nine months ended December 31, 1992 and each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 1992. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Northeast Federal Corp. as of December 31 and March 31, 1992 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the nine months ended December 31, 1992 and each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 1992 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1992.
Coopers & Lybrand
Hartford, Connecticut January 18, 1993
NO