nse to threats to the public health or the environment and to seek to recover from the responsible classes of persons the costs of such action. In the course of their operations, the operators of the Royalty Properties have generated and will generate wastes that may fall within CERCLA's definition of 'hazardous substances.' Santa Fe or the operators of the Royalty Properties may be responsible under CERCLA for all or part of the costs to clean up sites at which such wastes have been disposed.
AIR EMISSIONS. The operators of the Royalty Properties are subject to Federal, state and local regulations concerning the control of emissions from sources of air pollution. Administrative enforcement actions for failure to comply strictly with air regulations or permits are generally resolved by payment of a monetary penalty and correction of any identified deficiencies. Alternatively, regulatory agencies could require the operators to forego construction or operation of certain air pollution emission sources.
OSHA. The operators of the Royalty Properties are subject to the requirements of the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) and comparable state statutes. The OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community right-to-know regulations under Title III of the Federal Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act and similar state statutes require an
operator to organize information about hazardous materials used or produced in its operations. Certain of this information must be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and local citizens.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
Reference is made to Item 1 of this Form 10-K.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Trust is a party.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during the year ended December 31, 1993.
PART II
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S CO