xisting services with a combination of competitive service alternatives. This restructuring provided a number of options for pipeline customers and was designed to enhance competition in ANR Pipeline's service areas. Under this restructuring, the sales service was "unbundled" on an interim basis into firm sales, transportation, flexible storage and flexible delivery services. Prior to the restructuring, the cost of providing transportation services for sales customers was recovered as part of ANR Pipeline's total resale rate and therefore, was classified as part of gas sales revenue. Under the restructuring, these costs were recovered through a separate rate and were included in transportation revenue. Additional information concerning the restructuring is set forth in "Regulations Affecting Gas Systems - Rate Matters" included herein.
Effective November 1, 1993, ANR Pipeline implemented Order 636. This Order required significant changes in the services provided by ANR Pipeline, and resulted in the elimination of ANR Pipeline's merchant service. ANR Pipeline now offers an array of "unbundled" storage, transportation and balancing service options. Additional information concerning Order 636, including transportation and storage, is set forth in "Regulations Affecting Gas Systems - General" included herein.
GAS PURCHASES
Effective November 1, 1993, as a result of the elimination of ANR Pipeline's merchant service, as mentioned above, ANR Pipeline's gas purchases decreased substantially. However, ANR Pipeline still purchases gas under a number of gas purchase contracts. ANR Pipeline's Order 636 restructured tariff provides mechanisms for the purpose of recovering from or refunding to its customers any pricing differential between costs incurred to purchase this gas and the amount ANR Pipeline recovers through auctioning of gas on the open market.
Of ANR Pipeline's gas purchases in 1993, approximately 62% was obtained directly from producers, including 17% from affiliat