 the Bank shall have received counterparts hereof signed by both parties.
Section 9.10. Waiver of Jury Trial; Submission to Jurisdiction. The Borrower and the Bank hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive all right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim arising out of or related to this Agreement or the Notes or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or the Notes or any document related hereto or thereto shall be brought in a federal court or Commonwealth of Pennsylvania state court sitting in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and by execution and delivery of this Agreement the Borrower and the Bank hereby accept for themselves and in respect of their property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. The Borrower and the Bank hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection, including, without limitation, any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of the forum non conveniens which they now or hereafter may have to the bringing of any action or proceeding in such respective jurisdictions.
Section 9.11. Waiver of Personal Liability. The Borrower's Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust on file in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds of the District of Columbia provides that neither the shareholders nor the trustees of the Borrower, nor any officer, employee, representative or agent of the Borrower, shall be personally liable for the satisfaction of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement or the Note. The Bank hereby agrees to look solely to the Borrower and the property of the Borrower for the satisfaction of any claim arising from this Agreement, and shall not seek to impose personal liability on any shareholder, trustee, officer, employee, representative or agent of the Borrower in connection with any such claim. As used in this Section 9.11, the term "trustee" shall mean, collectively, th