1, loans of these types accounted for approximately 4.3%, 4.9% and 11.1%, respectively, of ASB's total loan originations.
Corporate banking/commercial lending. ASB is authorized to make both secured and unsecured corporate banking loans to business entities. This lending activity is designed to diversify ASB's asset structure, shorten maturities, provide rate sensitivity to the loan portfolio and attract business checking deposits. As of December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, corporate banking loans represented 1.2%, 1.2% and 1.67%, respectively, of ASB's total net loan portfolio.
Loan origination fee and servicing income. In addition to interest earned on loans, ASB receives income from servicing of loans, for late payments and from other related services. Servicing fees are received on loans originated and subsequently sold by ASB and also on loans for which ASB acts as collection agent on behalf of third-party purchasers.
ASB generally charges the borrower at loan settlement a loan origination fee ranging from 2% to 3% of the amount borrowed. Loan origination fees (net of direct loan origination costs) are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of yield over the life of the loan. Nonrefundable commitment fees (net of direct loan origination costs, if applicable) to originate or purchase loans are deferred. The nonrefundable commitment fees are recognized as an adjustment of yield over the life of the loan if the commitment is exercised. If the commitment expires unexercised, nonrefundable commitment fees are recognized in income upon expiration of the commitment.
Loan portfolio risk elements. When a borrower fails to make a required payment on a loan and does not cure the delinquency promptly, the loan is classified as delinquent. If delinquencies are not cured promptly, ASB normally commences a collection action, including foreclosure proceedings in the case of secured loans. In a foreclosure action, the property securing the delinquent debt is sold at a public auc