 and technical assistance to manufacture certain types of automotive products. The total contract price is $56 million with $12 million to be retained by the customer, as the subsidiary s equity participation, which represents a minority interest in the customer. The subsidiary values its equity participation in the customer at a nominal amount. Of the balance of the contract price of $44 million, $13.1 million has been billed and collected by the Company. The remaining $30.9 million is to be collected in 39 equal quarterly installments of $791,000, plus interest at a rate of 7.5% per annum.
The Company s subsidiary has agreed to make its best effort to purchase approximately $14.5 million of bearing products each year for ten years commencing in the customer s first year of operations, which is anticipated to be in 1994. However, the subsidiary is not required to purchase more product from the customer in any one year than the quantity of tapered bearing products the subsidiary is able to sell in its market. The customer has also agreed to repurchase within four years, $6 million of the subsidiary s equity participation in the customer. In the event that the customer is unable to repurchase such equity participation, the parties may renegotiate and modify the agreement for purchase of the Company s subsidiary to purchase products from the customer.
During the last quarter of 1993, the Company s subsidiary exchanged its rights to the equity interest in the customer with a foreign nonaffiliated company ( Purchaser of the Interest ) for $12.0 million in notes. The Company has been advised that the customer has agreed to repurchase from the Purchaser of the Interest up to $6 million of such equity interest over a six-year period, with payment to the Purchaser of the Interest to be either in cash or bearing products. The notes issued to the subsidiary for its rights to the equity interest in the customer will only be payable when, as and if the Purchaser of the Interest