s have been filed, the Council will address the second round issues in early April 1994. On February 3, 1994, the Council issued a resolution and order granting the motions of NOPSI and LP&L to dismiss without prejudice the CCLM portion of the filing, authorizing NOPSI and LP&L to proceed with a pilot CCLM (other than the construction of a fiber optics/coaxial cable network) in New Orleans at shareholder expense (subject to certain conditions). The Council also opened a new docket to expeditiously address issues related to the CCLM pilot, and directing NOPSI and LP&L to obtain Council authorization in the new docket before constructing such a fiber optics/coaxial cable network.
In connection with the settlement of various issues related to the Merger, the Council adopted a resolution on November 18, 1993, that provides that the Council will not disallow the first $3.5 million of costs incurred by NOPSI through October 31, 1993, in connection with the Least Cost Plan.
Fuel Adjustment Clause. NOPSI's electric rate schedules include a fuel adjustment clause to reflect the delivered cost of fuel in the second preceding month, adjusted by a surcharge for deferred fuel expense arising from the monthly reconciliation of actual fuel cost incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers. The adjustment clause, on a monthly basis, also reflects the difference between nonfuel Grand Gulf 1 costs paid by NOPSI and the estimate of such costs provided in NOPSI's Grand Gulf 1 Rate Settlements. NOPSI's gas rate schedules include a gas cost adjustment to reflect gas costs in excess of those collected in rates, adjusted by a surcharge similar to that included in the electric adjustment clause. NOPSI defers on its books fuel and purchased gas costs to be reflected in billings to customers in the future under the fuel adjustment clause.
REGULATION
Federal Regulation
Holding Company Act. Entergy Corporation is a registered public utility holding company under the Holding Company Act.