d its subsidiaries established an internal money pool whereby surplus funds of the Company and certain subsidiaries may be borrowed on a short-term basis by the Company's subsidiaries. This has contributed to the decrease in the 1993 temporary cash investment amounts. Allegheny Generating Company in 1992 replaced its $65.7 million of commercial paper with $50.9 million of money pool borrowings and $2.4 million of four-year, 6.05%-6.10% medium-term notes. Allegheny Generating Company has available an established program to replace money pool borrowings with medium-term notes or commercial paper.
At December 31, 1993, unused lines of credit with banks were $149 million. In addition, a multi-year credit program was established in January 1994, which provides that the subsidiaries may borrow on a standby revolving credit basis up to $300 million. After the initial three-year term, the program agreement provides that the maturity date may be extended in one-year increments. The borrowings have the support of a long-term credit facility. During 1994, the subsidiaries plan to issue about $230 million of new securities, consisting of both debt and equity issues and, if economic and market conditions make it desirable, may refinance up to $728 million of first mortgage bonds, preferred stock, and pollution control revenue notes. The subsidiaries may also engage in additional Harrison County tax-exempt solid waste disposal financings to the extent that funds are available. The Company plans to fund the subsidiaries' sale of common stock through the issuance of short-term debt and DRISP/ESOP common stock sales.
The subsidiaries anticipate that they will be able to meet their future cash needs through internal cash generation and external financings as they have in the past and possibly through alternative financing procedures.
M-8
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS AND OTHER CONTINGENCIES
In the normal course of business, the subsidiaries are subject to various contingencies and uncertaint