Item 1. Business - Registrant (Union Light) - ------- -----------------------------------
General - -------
Union Light, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Cincinnati Gas & Electric Company (CG&E), was incorporated in Kentucky in 1901, and operates in that portion of Kentucky contiguous to the area served by CG&E. Both companies are managed by substantially the same principal officers and have their principal executive offices at the same address, 139 East Fourth Street, Cincinnati, Ohio. In January 1994, Union Light transferred its former subsidiary, Enertech Associates International, Inc., to CGE Corp., which is a wholly-owned non- regulated subsidiary of CG&E.
Union Light provides electric or gas service, or both, to a population of about 280,000 in an area of about 500 square miles in six counties in northern Kentucky.
In December 1992, CG&E, PSI Resources, Inc. (PSI) and PSI Energy, Inc., PSI's principal subsidiary, an Indiana electric utility (PSI Energy), entered into an agreement which, as subsequently amended (the Merger Agreement) provides for the merger of PSI into a newly formed corporation named CINergy Corp. (CINergy) and the merger of a newly formed subsidiary of CINergy into CG&E. CINergy will become a holding company required to be registered under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 (PUHCA) with two operating subsidiaries, CG&E and PSI Energy. Union Light will remain a subsidiary of CG&E.
The merger will be accounted for as a "pooling of interests", and it is anticipated that the transaction will be completed in the third quarter of 1994. The merger is subject to approval by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Shareholders of both companies approved the merger in November 1993.
FERC issued conditional approval of the CINergy merger in August 1993, but several intervenors, including The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO) and the Kentucky Public Service Commission (KPSC), 