s to maximize net interest margin while minimizing the earnings risk associated with changing interest rates. The Funds Management Policy Committee has responsibility for the overall management of
the Corporation's asset and liability position, pursuant to the Corporation's Funds Management Policy approved by the Board of Directors. The Committee manages the Corporation's asset and liability position within the constraints of maintaining capital adequacy, liquidity and safety.
Management of the interest rate risk of the Corporation is effected through adjustments to the size and duration of the available-for-sale investment portfolio, the duration of purchased funds and other borrowings, and through the use of interest rate derivatives such as interest rate swaps, interest rate caps and floors and financial futures. The use of derivatives augments the Corporation's management of interest rate risk, liquidity risk, basis risk, and also assists customers in the management of their interest rate risk.
Interest rate derivatives are used by the Corporation to lengthen or shorten the duration of its liabilities, extend the duration of its assets, or reduce the basis risk between rate resets on sources of funds and rate resets on uses of funds. Interest rate derivatives allow the Corporation to issue liabilities based on customers' or market requirements and swap these liabilities to maturities or indices suitable to the needs of the Corporation.
The Corporation's interest rate derivatives portfolio at December 31, 1993 is shown in the following table.
Derivatives Portfolio
The market value of the derivatives portfolio as of December 31, 1993 was $3,234,000.
Measurement of the Corporation's sensitivity to changing interest rates is accomplished primarily through an earnings simulation model. Throughout 1993, the Corporation maintained a balance sheet that would benefit from falling interest rates. This liability sensitive position remained at December 31, 1993.
As previous