c benefit are expensed. Liabilities are recognized for those superfund sites and facilities previously owned by the company where it is probable that the company is obligated for environmental expenditures, and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. The timing of liability recognition generally coincides with the formulation and commitment to an appropriate plan of action.
Environmental liabilities are not discounted or reduced by possible recoveries from third parties. However, accrued liabilities reflect anticipated allocation of liabilities among settling participants in multi-party sites.
Environmental remediation costs required for properties held for sale are capitalized. A valuation allowance will be established if the aggregate book value of those properties including capitalized remediation costs exceed net realizable value.
See Notes 6 and 16 for additional environmental information.
Other
Earnings per share of common stock are based on earnings less preferred stock dividend requirements, divided by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during each period.
Interest is capitalized on major construction and development projects as part of the cost of the asset.
Certain items in prior year financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the 1993 classification.
NOTE 2 - RESTRUCTURING COSTS
In 1992, as part of its efforts to improve cash flow and operating results, the company underwent work force reductions and operational changes. Voluntary retirement and severance packages were accepted by 1,145 employees. A $55 million provision, net of reduced pension obligations, was included in administrative and general expenses.
NOTE 3 - WRITE-DOWNS OF ASSETS
Earnings in 1993 included a pretax charge of $19 million for the write-off of refining projects, primarily due to the cancellation of a portion of work associated with the reformulated fuels program at the company's Los Angeles Refinery.
In 1992, the company recorded a pretax charge 