ntial liability at a site located in Iota, Louisiana. This site accepted a variety of wastes, including medical and chemical wastes. In addition to GSU, over 200 parties have been named as PRP's. The EPA is continuing its investigation of the site and has notified the PRP's of the possibility of this site being linked to another site. To date, GSU has not received notification of liability with regard to the other site. GSU does not presently believe its ultimate responsibility with respect to this site will be material.
GSU has also been notified by the EPA of potential liability at two sites located in Saline County, Arkansas. It is believed that both sites served as a salvaging facility for transformers and batteries. In addition to GSU, 32 other parties (including AP&L and LP&L) have been named as PRP's. At this time, GSU's involvement with the site is unknown. GSU does not presently believe that its ultimate responsibility with respect to this site will be material.
In November 1993, GSU received informal notification from the Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management regarding a site at which electrical capacitors had been located. The State traced several of these capacitors to GSU. GSU records indicate these capacitors were returned under warranty to the manufacturer in the 1960's due to defects. GSU does not presently believe it is responsible for any alleged activities occurring at this site.
As of December 31, 1993, GSU had expended $7.0 million toward the cleanup of such sites.
In 1990, GSU received an order from the LDEQ to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides and reactive hydrocarbons at its Willow Glen and Louisiana Station plants located near Baton Rouge, Louisiana. GSU has requested an adjudicatory hearing on the matter, which the LDEQ secretary has deemed as staying the order. In the interim, GSU has joined several other Baton Rouge industries to develop and submit to LDEQ a comprehensive set of short- and long-range reduction plans. In 19