rator to another and are largely dependent on the profile of the targeted customers. Table games players, for example, are typically extended more credit than slot players, and high-stakes players are typically extended more credit than patrons who tend to wager lower amounts. The Company currently markets to customers in all gaming segments; however, its credit policy will vary from facility to facility based upon the various types of customers at each facility. Gaming debts are legally enforceable under the current laws of both New Jersey and Nevada; it is not clear, however, that all other states will honor these policies. The uncollectibility of gaming receivables could have a material adverse effect on results of operations. Provisions for estimated uncollectible gaming receivables have been made in order to reduce gaming receivables to amounts deemed to be collectible.
Gaming operations at the casinos are subject to risk of substantial loss as a result of employee or patron dishonesty, credit fraud or illegal slot machine manipulation. The Company has in place stringent control procedures to minimize such risks; however, there can be no assurance that losses will not occur. Current controls include supervision of employees, monitoring by electronic surveillance equipment and use of two-way mirrors and overhead catwalks. In New Jersey, the Company's activities are observed and monitored on an ongoing basis by agents of both the New Jersey Casino Control Commission (the "New Jersey Commission") and the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement (the "New Jersey Division"), each of which maintains a staff on the premises of TropWorld. Similarly, in Nevada the Company's gaming subsidiaries must comply with certain regulatory requirements concerning casino and game security and surveillance, and the
gaming operations of Tropicana and Ramada Express are subject to routine audit and supervision by agents of the Nevada State Gaming Control Board (the "Nevada Board").
R