 stated, however, its opinion would not preclude the recovery of deferred carrying costs. The August 1992 court of appeals opinion was appealed to the Texas Supreme Court where arguments were heard in September 1993. The matter is still pending.
In September 1993, the Texas Third District Court of Appeals (the Third District Court) remanded the October 1991 district court decision to the PUCT "to reexamine the record evidence to whatever extent necessary to render a final order supported by substantial evidence and not inconsistent with our opinion." The Third District Court specifically addressed the PUCT's treatment of certain costs, stating that the PUCT's order was not based on substantial evidence. The Third District Court also applied its most recent ruling in the El Paso Case to the deferred costs associated with River Bend. However, the Third District Court cautioned the PUCT to confine its deliberations to the evidence addressed in the original rate case. Certain parties to the case have indicated their position that, on remand, the PUCT may change its original order only with respect to matters specifically discussed by the Third District Court which, if allowed, would increase GSU's allowed River Bend investment, net of accumulated depreciation and related taxes, by approximately $48 million as of December 31, 1993. GSU believes that under the Third District Court's decision, the PUCT would be free to reconsider any aspect of its order concerning the abeyed $1.4 billion River Bend investment. GSU has filed a motion for rehearing asking the Third District Court to modify its order so as to permit the PUCT to take additional evidence on remand. The PUCT and other parties have also moved for rehearing on various grounds. The Third District Court has not yet ruled on any of these motions.
As of December 31, 1993, the River Bend plant costs disallowed for retail ratemaking purposes in Texas, and the River Bend plant costs held in abeyance and the related cost 