ture withdrawals from certificates of deposit and the transfer of those funds into higher rate certificates. Since the simulations on which these results are based assume instantaneous and sustained rate changes, the results exaggerate the impact of rate changes on net interest income since interest rates do not typically increase or decrease by such magnitudes instantaneously.
A comparison of these results at December 31, 1993 with the results of simulations at December 31 and March 31, 1992 (see the table that follows) shows that the Association's interest rate risk exposure has shifted from being significantly asset sensitive at March 31, 1992 to being marginally asset sensitive at December 31, 1993. There was little change in the Association's interest rate risk exposure between December 31, 1992 and December 31, 1993. This overall reduction in asset sensitivity from March 31, 1992 has been due to the effects of the sustained low interest rates which have prevailed since 1992. The sustained low interest rate environment has caused deposit disintermediation and a decrease in funding sources. The sustained low rate environment has also reduced the volume of loans with above market rates through the repricing or refinancing of existing loans and has thereby exacerbated the effect of periodic interest rate caps in a sharply rising interest rate environment.
NORTHEAST SAVINGS, F.A. SIMULATED CHANGES IN NET INTEREST INCOME
- -------- * Rate changes of this magnitude result in negative short term rates and simulated results that are not meaningful.
The Association also performs an analysis of the sensitivity of its portfolio equity to changes in interest rates. Simulations on the effect of instantaneous rate shocks of +/-1%, +/-2%, +/-3%, and +/-4% are performed and the results are used to evaluate the long-term impact of interest rate changes on the theoretical market value of the Association and its financial performance. The results of the portfolio equity analyses 