t to a device marketed prior to May 28, 1976. If the new product is not substantially equivalent to a pre-existing device or if the FDA were to reject a claim of substantial equivalence, extensive preclinical and clinical testing would be required, additional costs would be incurred and a substantial delay would occur before the product could be brought to market.
FDA and state regulations also require adherence to applicable 'good manufacturing practices' ('GMP'), which mandate detailed quality assurance and record-keeping procedures. In conjunction therewith, the Company is subject to unscheduled periodic regulatory inspections. The Company believes it is in substantial compliance with GMP regulations.
The Company also is subject to foreign regulatory authorities governing human clinical trials and pharmaceutical/medical device sales that vary widely from country to country. Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained, approval of a product by comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries must be obtained before products may be marketed in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country, and the time required may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval.
The procedures described above involve expenditures of considerable resources and usually result in a substantial time lag between the development of a new product and its introduction into the marketplace. There can be no assurance that all necessary approvals will be obtained, or that they will be obtained in a time frame that allows the product to be introduced for commercial sale in a timely manner. Furthermore, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur after marketing has begun.
Healthcare Facilities. The healthcare services industry is subject to substantial federal, state and local regulation. Government regulation affects the Company's business by controlling the use of its properties and