at the loan's observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Adoption of this Statement is required no later
than 1995, although earlier application is permitted. The Company presently intends to adopt this pronouncement in 1995. The effect of applying this Statement is not expected to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company.
Equipment Under Operating Leases Rental equipment subject to operating leases is recorded at cost and depreciated over its useful life or lease term to an estimated salvage value, primarily on a straight-line basis.
Income Taxes The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are included in the consolidated federal income tax return of MDC. MDC presently charges or credits the Company for the corresponding increase or decrease in MDC's taxes resulting from such inclusion. Intercompany payments are made when such taxes are due or tax credits are realized by MDC.
Investment tax credits (which were repealed by the Tax Reform Act of 1986) related to property subject to financing transactions are deferred and amortized over the terms of the financing transactions.
The provision for taxes on income is computed at current tax rates and adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences, temporary differences and the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those previously used to determine deferred income taxes. In 1992, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." The impact of the adoption of SFAS No. 109 had no material effect on the Company's accounting for income taxes. SFAS No. 109 requires financial statements reflect deferred income taxes for future tax consequences of events recognized in different years for financial and tax reporting purposes.
Foreign Currency Translation McDonnell Douglas Bank Limited ("MD Bank"), a United Kingdom company, is an indirect wh