nvest additional significant amounts at the present time. It is anticipated that the terms of the new notes to be issued to the Pacific Mutual Lenders will severely limit the Trust's ability to make acquisitions. However, the Trust will continue to make investment to the extent necessary to preserve or to develop existing assets, including acquisitions and dispositions to provide additional diversity, flexibility and liquidity to the portfolio. To the extent that the Trust continues to invest, the Declaration of Trust grants broad discretion to the Trustees to allocate the Trust's assets without prior approval of shareholders between real property (both improved and unimproved) and mortgage loans and between direct and indirect ownership interest.
July 21, 1994
During the last three fiscal years, the following sources have contributed to the Trust's total income:
The Declaration of Trust permits the Trust to leverage its investments, that is, the Trust may finance or refinance its properties by borrowings. The level of leverage of the Trust at September 30, 1993, which level will likely change as a result of the Chapter 11 Case, is 1 to 1.
The Trust generally has made significant cash investments in any properties it acquires. Historically, the Trust has invested primarily in properties which show income in excess of expenses. During the last several years, the ability of the Trust's properties to produce positive cash flow has been negatively impacted by the current economic downturn.
The real estate market is highly competitive. Although the Trust is not currently competing for investment opportunities, the pool of available financing for real estate investments has diminished and the Trust competes for such financing with an indeterminate number of individuals, both foreign and domestic, including other REITs, life insurance companies, pension funds, trust funds and private sources of investment capital.
(C) SELECTION, MANAGEMENT AND CUSTODY OF THE TRUST'S INVEST