 behalf. There are no provisions in the Company's debt instruments that provide that a default by MDC on MDC debt constitutes a default on Company debt. There are no guaranties, direct or indirect, by MDC of the payment of any debt of the Company.
The Company has an arrangement with MDC, terminable at the discretion of either of the parties, pursuant to which the Company may borrow from MDC and MDC may borrow from the Company, funds for 30-day periods at a market rate of interest or at MDFS's average borrowing rate. Under these arrangements, there were no outstanding balances at December 31, 1993 and at December 31, 1992, $49.0 million was receivable from MDC. During 1992, the Company made no borrowings under this agreement and the maximum receivable from MDC under this arrangement was $49.0 million.
Under a similar borrowing arrangement, McDonnell Douglas Realty Company owed the Company $29.6 million at December 31, 1993. As of that date, the Company was also owed $18.3 million by MDFS under a borrowing based on short-term borrowing costs of the Company, supporting a bridge financing which was repaid in March 1994.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties
The Company leases all of its office space and other facilities. Commencing in the second quarter of 1994, the Company will sublease from MDC, at fair market value, approximately 40,000 square feet of office space to be used as the Company's principal offices. The Company believes that its properties, including the equipment located therein, are suitable and adequate to meet the requirements of its business.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
In 1990, the Company was named as a defendant in three class action suits (the Carpi, Edelman, and Waldman "Actions") for alleged violations of securities laws in connection with the public offering of limited partnership interests in certain equipment leasing limited partnerships, the sponsor of which was McDonnell Douglas Capital Corporation ("MDCC"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Co