e technology and commercial agreements, Convex and HP exchanged certain core technologies including HP providing Convex with RISC compiler technology and Convex providing HP with supercomputer compiler technology. In addition, Convex has the right to purchase from HP various PA-RISC components for the Company's future MPP products. Finally, Convex and HP have entered into a non-exclusive cross-license covering various of each company's existing, pending and future computer-related products. In April of 1993, this agreement was extended to include HP's license to Convex for its HP-UX operating system and related software technologies in return for current and future software technologies from Convex.
Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, HP purchased approximately 1.2 million shares of Common Stock from the Company (which represents approximately 5% of the total outstanding Common Stock of the Company) at a purchase price of approximately $18 million. In connection with this Agreement, the Company and HP agreed to meet in late 1994 and again in late 1996 to discuss possible increases in ownership by HP, although no right or obligation to purchase additional shares was established.
During the term of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to certain covenants. These include the right of HP in certain circumstances to acquire additional shares from the Company if the Company sells shares of Common Stock to third parties. In addition, the Company has agreed that, if HP's ownership reaches 10% of the Company's outstanding Common Stock, HP will be entitled to designate one nominee for election to the Company's Board of Directors. Finally, the Company granted HP certain registration rights.
EMPLOYEES
As of December 31, 1993, the Company employed 1,006 full-time employees, of whom 252 were employed in research and development, 504 in sales, support and marketing, 165 in manufacturing and quality and 85 in finance and administration. None of the Company's e