dwide industrial protective coatings industry, where second calendar quarter sales are generally the strongest.
EMPLOYEES
As of December 31, 1993, the Company employed approximately 3,200 persons, excluding the joint venture employees, with approximately 400 employees in the United States and approximately 2,800 at sites outside the United States. Hourly employees in production facilities worldwide are represented by a variety of labor unions, with labor agreements having various expiration dates. The Company believes its labor relations are good.
REGULATORY AND ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
Certain of the Company's businesses are and have been engaged in the handling, manufacture or use of substances or compounds that may be considered toxic or hazardous within the meaning of applicable environmental laws. As with other companies engaged in similar businesses, certain past and current operations and products of the Company have the potential to cause environmental or other damage. The Company has implemented and continues to implement various policies and programs in an effort to minimize these risks. The policy of the Company is to achieve compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations at all its facilities and to strive to improve environmental performance. It is possible that future developments, such as stricter requirements of environmental laws and enforcement policies thereunder, could affect the Company's production, handling, use, storage, transportation, sale or disposal of such substances.
The Company's U.S. manufacturing operations are governed by federal environmental and worker health and safety laws and regulations, principally the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorizatio