for rail service provided by NS to the partnership. Excluding this partnership effect, intermodal revenues would have increased 10%, and total railway operating revenues would have increased 1%.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Most NS rail traffic, particularly coal traffic, moves under contractually negotiated rates as opposed to the typically higher regulated tariff rates. In 1993, 91% of NS origin coal moved under contract, compared with 88% in 1992 and 90% in 1991.
Traffic volume increased for all market groups except coal. The large reduction in revenue per unit/mix was due principally to the effect of the TCSC partnership described above. The remaining reduction in the average revenue per car was largely due to new business that was short- haul and lowered the overall average.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
COAL (which includes coke and iron ore) traffic volume in 1993 decreased 6%, and revenues, which represented 32% of total railway operating revenues, were down 6% from 1992. Coal accounted for about 97% of this market group's volume, and 95% of coal shipments originated on NS' lines. As shown in the following table, small tonnage gains in utility and steel coal were more than offset by declines in export coal, down 22%, compared with 1992.
The export coal market continues to be weak. The recession in Europe deepened as the year progressed. Additionally, stockpiles remain at high levels in the United Kingdom, and two Italian coal-fired generating stations that closed in 1992 remained closed for all of 1993. The UMWA strike, which was settled in December 1993, also had an adverse effect on the export market, as some U.S. producers deferred export shipments to take advantage of higher domestic spot market prices. Although the strike was not widespread at mines se