Item 1. Business. - ------ -------- and Item 2.


Item 2. Properties. - ------ ---------- GENERAL. Norfolk Southern Corporation (Norfolk Southern) was incorporated on July 23, 1980, under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. On June l, 1982, Norfolk Southern acquired control of two major operating railroads, Norfolk and Western Railway Company (NW) and Southern Railway Company (Southern). In accordance with an Agreement of Merger and Reorganization dated as of July 31, 1980, and related Plans of Merger, and the approval of the transaction by the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC), each issued share of NW's common stock was converted into one share of Norfolk Southern Common Stock and each issued share of Southern common stock was converted into 1.9 shares of Norfolk Southern Common Stock. The outstanding shares of Southern's preferred stock remained outstanding without change.
Effective December 31, 1990, Norfolk Southern transferred all the common stock of NW to Southern, and Southern's name was changed to Norfolk Southern Railway Company (Norfolk Southern Railway). As of February 28, 1994, all the common stock of NW (100 percent voting control) is owned by Norfolk Southern Railway, and all the common stock of Norfolk Southern Railway and 7.1 percent of its preferred stock (resulting in 94.3 percent voting control) are owned directly by Norfolk Southern.
On June 21, 1985, Norfolk Southern acquired control of North American Van Lines, Inc. and its subsidiaries (NAVL), a diversified motor carrier. In accordance with an Acquisition Agreement dated May 2, 1984, and the approval of the transaction by the ICC, Norfolk Southern acquired all the issued and outstanding common stock of NAVL from PepsiCo, Inc. During 1993, NAVL underwent a restructuring (see discussion on page 7 and in Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 74) designed to enhance its opportunities to return to profitability.
Unless indicated otherwise, Norfolk Southern and its su