 may reduce or terminate any benefit to or in respect of a Participant eligible to receive benefits under Section 4A.
Exhibit 10.5
AGREEMENT EXECUTIVE LIFE INSURANCE PROGRAM AND COLLATERAL ASSIGNMENT
THIS AGREEMENT is entered into this day of , 19 , by and between Allegheny Power System, Inc., (hereinafter called "the Employer" in Part I or "Assignee" in Part II), and (hereinafter called "the Employee").
WHEREAS the Employee is currently a valued employee and Executive of Employer; Whereas the Employer wishes to assist the Employee with his (or her) personal life insurance program and the Employee desires to accept such assistance; and
WHEREAS in consideration of the Assignee agreeing to pay all of the premiums, the Owner agrees to grant the Assignee a security for the recovery of the Assignee's premium outlay.
NOW, THEREFORE for value received, the Employer and the Employee agree as follows:
PART I - Individual Life Insurance Agreement
A. Description of Policy - Policy Ownership In furtherance of the purposes of the Agreement, The Employee will purchase and own a certain policy of life insurance on his own life, being Policy No. issued by Security Life of Denver Insurance Company. Said policy is hereinafter called "the Policy" and said life insurance company is hereinafter called "the Insurer". The Employee's ownership of the Policy shall be subject to all the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
B. Payment of Premiums The Employer shall pay the entire annual premium for the Policy directly to the Insurer.
C. Collateral Assignment and Possession of Policy To secure repayment of premiums paid by the Employer provided for in Section B, above, Part II of this Agreement includes an assignment of the policy or the Employee's interest therein (hereinafter called "Collateral Assignment") and provides for the transfer of possession of the Policy to the Employer during the term specified in Part II of this Agreement. Except as provided in or as otherwise consis