ations for the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992 were also favorably impacted by lower provisions for loan losses and improved results in the operation and disposition of foreclosed properties as compared to each prior year. Another significant operating benefit during the three year period ended December 31, 1993 related to the interest rate environment and BankAtlantic's interest rate sensitivity gap position during these periods. From 1991 through mid-1993, BankAtlantic had a one-year negative interest rate sensitivity gap. Since that time, BankAtlantic has had a positive one-year interest rate sensitivity gap. A negative interest rate sensitivity gap provides the potential for widening interest margins and increased earnings during times of declining rates, the environment that existed during the periods under discussion. However, a negative gap will correspondingly negatively impact earnings when rates increase. During periods of declining rates, a significant amount of repayments and prepayments of loans and mortgage-backed securities occur due to refinancing alternatives at lower rates. BankAtlantic continues to experience this type of activity which will generally result in lower rates earned on interest-bearing assets newly acquired or which bear floating interest rates compared to the interest rates earned on prior year investments, loans and mortgage-backed securities. However, rates earned in 1994 will benefit from the final amortization in 1993 of dealer reserves relating to the Subject Portfolio, such net amortization amounted to approximately $2.2 million in 1993. Additional details concerning the items discussed above are contained in specific sections and tables of this Management's Discussion and Analysis.
Net-Interest Income
A financial summary of net interest income follows:
The changes in net interest income for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 resulted from the following: the decrease in interest on loans primarily resulted