ccess in reducing accidental employee injuries and effective claims handling. Unfortunately, the favorable trend in accidental injury claims has been more than offset by increased costs of nonaccidental "occupational" claims. The rail industry remains uniquely susceptible to both accidental injury and occupational claims because of an outmoded law, the Federal Employers' Liability Act (FELA), originally passed in 1908 and applicable only to railroads. This law provides the sole basis for compensating railroad employees who sustain job-related injuries. Under the FELA, claimants unable to reach an agreement with the railroad concerning compensation may file a civil suit to recover damages. In most cases, a jury must then determine whether the claimant is entitled to any damages and, if so, the amount. The system produces results that are unpredictable, inconsistent and frequently unfair, at a cost to the rail industry that is two or three times greater than the no-fault workers' compensation systems to which nonrail competitors are universally subject. The railroads have been unsuccessful so far in efforts to persuade Congress to replace the FELA with a no-fault workers' compensation act. OTHER expenses decreased 3% in 1993, compared with 1992, and 7% in 1992, compared with 1991. These decreases were largely the result of favorable settlements of issues related to property and other state taxes. The NS railway operating ratio (the percentage of railway operating revenues consumed by railway operating expenses) continues to be the best among the major railroads in the United States. NS will continue to pursue cost-containment efforts to assure that its rail subsidiaries are operated efficiently. The operating ratios for past six years were as follows:
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Other Income-Net - ---------------- Nonoperating income increased $39.0 million, or 40%,