derlying collateral, and current economic conditions. As discussed in Note 4, losses on covered assets were reimbursable and, accordingly, no allowance for loss was recorded on loans included in covered assets.
Mortgage loans originated and intended for sale in the secondary market are carried at the lower of cost or estimated market value in the aggregate. Gains and losses on sales of these mortgage loans are determined using the specific identification method.
Uncollectible interest on loans that are contractually past due (generally in excess of 90 days) is charged against income, or an allowance is established based on management s periodic evaluation. The allowance is established by a charge to interest income equal to all interest previously accrued, and income is subsequently recognized only to the extent that cash payments are received until, in management s judgment, the borrower has demonstrated the ability to make periodic interest and principal payments, in which case the loan is returned to accrual status.
SFAS No. 114, Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan, amends SFAS No. 5 to clarify that a creditor should evaluate both principal and interest when assessing the need for a loss accrual. This Statement also requires creditors to measure impairment of a loan based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or based on the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The Statement does not apply to large groups of smaller-balance homogeneous loans that are collectively valued for impairment (i.e., consumer installment loans, residential mortgage loans, credit card loans, etc.). The Statement also amends Practice Bulletin 7 ("PB7") guidance on accounting for in- substance foreclosures ("ISFs"). PB7 requires creditors to account for the operations of the collateral underlying ISFs, even though the creditor has not taken possession of collateral, as if foreclosure had o