rs,
including competitive compensation arrangements of other companies within
relevant industries, individual contributions, leadership ability and an
executive officer's overall performance. In this way, it is believed that the
Corporation will attract and retain quality management, thereby benefitting the
long-term interest of shareholders.
In 1993, there were no changes in salary of persons who need approval of
the Salary Committee.
This report of the Salary Committee shall not be deemed incorporated by
reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this 10-K report
into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Corporation specifically
incorporates this report and the information contained herein by reference, and
shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts.
Louis Berkman William D. Eberle Alvin G. Keller
(g) STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH
Comparative Five-Year Total Returns* Ampco-Pittsburgh ("AP"), S&P 500, Peer Group (Performance results through 12/31/93)
Assumes $100 invested at the close of trading on the last trading day preceding January 1 of the fifth preceding fiscal year in AP common stock, S&P 500, and Peer Group.
*Cumulative total return assumes reinvestment of dividends.
In the above graph, the Corporation has used Value Line's Metals: Steel, Integrated Industry for its peer comparison. The diversity of products produced by subsidiaries of the Corporation made it difficult to match to any one product-based peer group. The Steel Industry was chosen because it is impacted by some of the same end markets that the Corporation ultimately serves, such as the automotive, appliance and construction industries.
Historical stock price performance shown on the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance.
ITEM_12_-_SECURITY_OWNERSHIP_OF_CERTAIN_BENEFICIAL_OWNERS_AND_MANAGEMENT
(a) SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
As of March 8, 