EE from the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn, an MSEE from the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Boston University. He is the inventor with respect to 33 patents in various areas of computer design.
Mr. Balthazar joined Convex in April 1984. He initially worked in third party marketing, moving to Manager of Product Marketing in 1987 and to European Sales and Marketing Director in 1989. In January 1991, he was promoted to Vice President, Marketing. Prior to joining Convex, Mr. Balthazar worked as a mechanical engineering consultant for Structural Dynamics Research Corporation, Cincinnati, Ohio, and for University Computing Corporation, Dallas, Texas. Mr. Balthazar holds a BS in Agricultural Engineering from the University of Maryland and an MS from Cornell University in Theoretical and Applied Mechanics.
Mr. Blanton joined Convex in November 1990 and held various positions in engineering management. In February 1993 Mr. Blanton was named Vice President, Advanced Development. Prior to joining Convex, Mr. Blanton served as president of Vadis, Inc from 1989 to 1990. Mr. Blanton worked for ROLM Corporation from 1981 through 1989 and served as General Manager of their desktop products division. He holds an MSEE degree from Southern Methodist University and a BSEE degree from Texas A & M.
Mr. Bock joined Convex in May 1984 as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, and was named Senior Vice President in January 1990. In February 1993, Mr. Bock was named Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales. From 1975 to 1984, Mr. Bock worked for Texas Instruments in various finance and accounting positions, most recently as the Vice President and Controller for the Data Systems Group. Mr. Bock has a BS in Computer Science from Iowa State University and an MS in Industrial Administration from Carnegie-Mellon University and is a certified public accountant in the State of Texas.
Mr. Cardman joined Convex in July 1989 as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. 