rement benefits other than pensions in 1993.
PRICE WATERHOUSE PRICE WATERHOUSE
New York, New York February 3, 1994
Preferred Stock (not subject to mandatory redemption): Cumulative preferred stock - par value $100 per share, authorized 1,500,000 shares, outstanding as follows (Note G):
Monongahela NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(These notes are an integral part of the financial statements.)
Note A - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Allegheny Power System, Inc. and is a part of the Allegheny Power integrated electric utility system (the System).
The Company is subject to regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), by various state bodies having jurisdiction, and by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Significant accounting policies of the Company are summarized below.
REVENUES: Customers are billed on a cycle basis, and revenues, including amounts resulting from the application of fuel and energy cost adjustment clauses, are generally recorded when billed. In accordance with ratemaking procedures in West Virginia, revenues include service rendered but unbilled at year end.
DEFERRED POWER COSTS, NET: The costs of fuel, purchased power, and certain other costs, and revenues from sales and transmission services to other utilities, are deferred until they are either recovered from or credited to customers under fuel and energy cost recovery procedures.
PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT: Property, plant, and equipment, including facilities owned with affiliates in the System, are stated at original cost, less contributions in aid of construction, except for capital leases which are recorded at present value. Cost includes direct labor and material, allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC) on property for which construction work in progress is not included in rate base, and such indirect costs as administration, maintenance, and depreciation of transportation and construction equipm