et management matters relating to investments made by Balcor and its affiliated partnerships, including negotiations for modifications or refinancings of real estate mortgage investments and the disposition of real estate investments.
David S. Glasner (December 1955) joined Balcor in September 1986 and has primary responsibility for special projects relating to investments made by Balcor and its affiliated partnerships and risk management functions. Mr. Glasner received his J.D. degree from DePaul University College of Law in June 1984.
Josette V. Goldberg (April 1957) joined Balcor in January 1985 and has primary responsibility for all human resources matters relating to Balcor personnel, including training and development, employment, salary and benefit administration, corporate communications and the development, implementation and interpretation of personnel policy and procedures. Ms. Goldberg also supervises Balcor's payroll operations and Human Resources Information Systems (HRIS). In addition, she has supervisory responsibility for Balcor's Facilities, Corporate and Field Services and Telecommunications Departments. Ms. Goldberg has been designated as a Senior Human Resources Professional (SHRP).
G. Dennis Hartsough (October 1942) joined Balcor in July 1991 and is responsible for asset management matters relating to all investments made by Balcor and its affiliated partnerships in office and industrial properties. From July 1989 until joining Balcor, Mr. Hartsough was Senior Vice President of First Office Management (Equity Group) where he directed the firm's property management operations in eastern and central United States. From June 1985 to July 1989, he was Vice President of the Angeles Corp., a real estate management firm, where his primary responsibility was that of overseeing the company's property management operations in eastern and central United States.
Lawrence B. Klowden (March 1952) joined Balcor in November 1981 and is responsible for supervis