 two years following termination. Under this agreement, the agreement with Mrs. Garbis described below, and the benefit plans described in the
Compensation Committee Report, a "change in control" is (a) an acquisition of 35% of the voting securities of the Company if the Board of Directors determines that a change in control has occurred or is likely to occur; or (b) a change in the majority of the Board of Directors of the Company which is not recommended or approved by the incumbent Board. On June 11, 1992, the Board determined that the acquisition by Selex of more than 35% of the Company's Common Stock from Empire, accompanied by its control of the Board, would constitute a change in control of the Company.
Mrs. Garbis was employed pursuant to a renewal of her employment agreement with the Company which, as renewed, continues through December 31, 1994. Such agreement was subject to automatic renewal for successive one-year periods unless notice of intent not to renew is given by the Company sixty days prior to the end of each year. The agreement provides for Mrs. Garbis to be paid her current annual salary of $115,000 (subject to such increases as the Company may determine) and for the furnishing of certain benefits, such as payment of an automobile allowance. The agreement provided that if employment is terminated due to death, payment of salary to her beneficiary continues for one year following termination. In addition, if employment is terminated by the Company without cause, regardless of whether or not the agreement itself is effect, she is entitled to receive a lump sum payment at termination equal to two years' salary; she is also entitled to payment of an automobile allowance and certain insurance benefits for one year. Such payments and benefits would be due if employment is terminated by the Company at any time within a two-year period following a change in control of the Company (unless termination is due to gross misconduct). In August, 1994 Mrs. Gar