presentations or omissions except with respect to the statement in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus to the effect that BFC, Alan Levan and the Managing General Partners believed the Exchange transaction was fair. The case on that issue was tried in December 1992, and the jury returned a verdict in the amount of $8 million but extinguished approximately $16 million of debentures held by the plaintiffs. BFC Financial Corporation would record a pre-tax gain of approximately $6 million from the reduction in its debt resulting from the verdict, but it nonetheless believes that the verdict was not supported by the evidence at trial. Based on the verdict, BFC Financial Corporation would record a pre-tax gain of approximately $6 million from the extinguishment of the $16 million of outstanding debt. No amounts have been reflected in the financial statements because the judgement amount was less that the Company's carrying amount of the debentures and related accrued interest and because the Company intends to appeal the verdict.
The court denied plaintiffs' motion for prejudgment interest as to Series 21 and Series 23 and awarded prejudgment interest to plaintiffs in Series 24 to be calculated to run from March 31, 1989 through December 18, 1992, the date of entry of final judgment, at the rate of 3.54%. The plaintiffs appealed the court's denial for prejudgment interest in Series 21 and Series 23.
The Company also appealed the judgment as well as the court's denial of various post-trial motions filed by the Company. Pursuant to the request of the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, the parties submitted briefs regarding the issue of whether the Eleventh Circuit has jurisdiction to hear the appeal. In February 1994, the Eleventh Circuit Court dismissed the appeal for lack of jurisdiction.
In September 1993, the court granted the Company's motion to stay of the execution of the final judgment pending appeal and to allow alternative form of security. In December 1993, the Compan