ilable seat mile can have a significant impact on operating results. The Company anticipates that seasonal factors and general economic conditions, in addition to industrywide fare levels, labor and fuel costs, the competition from other airlines with lower operating costs than United's international government policies, and other factors, will continue to impact United's operations.
Competition and Fares. The airline industry is highly competitive. In domestic markets, new and existing carriers are free to initiate service on any route. United faces competition from other carriers on virtually every route it serves. In United's domestic markets, these competitors include all of the other major U.S. airlines as well as smaller carriers.
United's marketing strategy is driven by four principal competitive factors: schedule convenience, overall customer service, frequent flyer programs and price. United seeks to attract travelers through convenient scheduling (particularly during peak demand periods), high quality service, frequent flyer programs designed to reward customer loyalty, and competitive pricing.
During 1993, certain domestic carriers, both in and out of bankruptcy proceedings, reorganized their operating cost structures. These carriers, together with more recent entrants to the airline business, and a select number of established domestic carriers, currently have cost structures significantly lower than United's, and therefore may be able to operate profitably at lower fare levels. Furthermore, certain carriers in the short-to-medium distance domestic markets have been able to compete against major air carriers, including United, by operating without as great a reliance upon a hub-and-spoke system. These airlines operate efficiently through strategies such as rapid turnaround of flights on a point-to-point basis. The success of these carriers and such strategies has led certain major carriers, including United, to consider ways in which to reorganize their 