00 million of spending related to the Company's productivity improvement program; the continuation of four projects underway--a converting and distribution facility for S.D. Warren in Allentown, Pennsylvania, modernization of the pulp mill in Mobile, Alabama, capacity expansion for the wet wipes business in Dover, Delaware and continued construction of a state-of-the-art tissue paper mill in Owensboro, Kentucky; and other projects designed to sustain existing operations and reduce costs. The Company expects to finance this spending primarily from internally generated funds.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The location of the manufacturing facilities of the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries) and the types of products produced at each facility are shown below.
WORLDWIDE PERSONAL CARE AND CLEANING
AMERICAS Chester, Pennsylvania--sanitary Durafab, Inc. tissue paper products Cleburne, Texas--industrial garments Dover, Delaware--wet wipe products Italy, Texas--industrial garments
Everett, Washington--sanitary Scott Maritimes Limited tissue paper products and pulp New Glasgow, Nova Scotia--pulp
Ft. Edward, New York--sanitary Scott Paper Company de Costa Rica, tissue paper products S.A. San Jose, Costa Rica--sanitary Hattiesburg, Mississippi--sanitary tissue paper products tissue paper products Scott Paper Company-Honduras, S.A. Marinette, Wisconsin--sanitary de C. V. tissue paper products San Pedro, Honduras--sanitary tissue paper products Mobile, Alabama--sanitary tissue paper products and pulp(/1/) Scott Polymers, Inc.(/3/) Fort Worth, Texas (two Oconto Falls, Wisconsin--sanitary locations)--polystyrene beads tissue paper products Saginaw, Texas--polystyrene beads
Oshkosh, Wisconsin--tabletop Scott Polymers, Ltd.(/3/) products Baie d'Urfe, Quebec--polystyrene beads Owensboro, Kentucky--sanitary tissue paper products
San Antonio, Texas--personal cleansing products and systems
Winslow, Maine--sanitary tissue paper products(/2/)
EUROPE
Cross Paperware Limited Du