ases actually involve claims against the
M-17
Company or its affiliates. All complaints allege that the plaintiffs sustained unspecified injuries resulting from claimed exposure to asbestos in various generating plants and other industrial facilities operated by the various defendants, although all plaintiffs do not claim exposure at facilities operated by all defendants. All plaintiffs claiming exposure at System-operated stations were employed by third-party contractors, with the exception of three who claim to have been employees of the Company. Each plaintiff generally seeks compensatory and punitive damages against all defendants in amounts of up to $1 million and $3 million, respectively; in those cases that include a spousal claim for loss of consortium, damages are generally sought against all defendants in an amount of up to $1 million for the loss of consortium claim. Therefore, because of the multiple defendants, the Company believes its potential liability is a very small percentage of the total amount of the damages sought. A total of 94 cases have been previously settled by the Company for an amount substantially less than the anticipated cost of defense. While the Company believes that all of these cases are without merit, it cannot predict the outcome of these cases or whether other cases will be filed.
M-18 Potomac
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Net Income
Net income was $73.5 million, $67.5 million, and $58.2 million in 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively. The increase in net income in 1993 resulted primarily from kWh sales and retail rate increases. The increase in 1992 resulted primarily from retail rate increases. These revenue increases, in both years, were offset in part by higher expenses.
Sales and Revenues
KWh sales to and revenues from residential, commercial, and industrial customers are shown on pages D-5 and D-6. Such kWh sales increased 6.3% and 2.0% in 1993 and 1992, respectively. 