loans. See "NOTE E - Loans Receivable" contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto. (b) The Bank began its nationwide multi-family and commercial real estate lending program during 1982; however, the first loss experienced on loans originated through this lending program did not occur until 1986.
With Off-Balance Sheet Credit Risk" contained in the 1993 annual report to the shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
SOURCES OF FUNDS
See "Liquidity" in Management's Discussion and Analysis contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto, for a discussion of the Bank's sources of funds.
Deposits. St. Paul Federal offers a variety of checking, savings, and time deposit accounts having a wide range of interest rates and terms. Average balances of and rates paid on such deposits at December 31, 1993 and 1992 are set forth in "NOTE N - Deposits" to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto. Interest rates on all deposit accounts are reviewed at weekly meetings of the Bank's Liability Pricing Committee, which is comprised of certain managers of the Bank.
The Bank attempts to control the flow of funds in its deposit accounts according to its need for funds and the cost of alternative sources of funds. St. Paul Federal controls the flow of funds primarily by the pricing of deposits to take advantage of opportunities for profitable investment of the funds. In connection with an ongoing review of the Bank's deposit product composition and fee schedule, the Bank initiated a new checking account campaign in the first quarter of 1992. The Bank pays interest rates comparable to those paid on deposits by other insured-depository institutions in its market area. Interest rate increases are also influenced by the Bank's liquidity needs and by competitive factors.
See "Liquidity" and "Results of Operations-Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 1993