Chemicals
PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS. The company's principal products are additive systems for gasoline and diesel engine oils, automatic transmission fluids, gear oils, industrial fluids, metalworking compounds and fuels. The company also offers other specialty chemical products. Additives for engine oils accounted for 50% of consolidated revenues in 1993, 48% in 1992, and 45% in 1991. Additives for driveline oils accounted for 19%, 18% and 19% of consolidated revenues for these respective periods.
Additives improve the lubricants and fuels used in cars, trucks, buses, off-highway equipment, marine engines and industrial applications. In lubricants, additives enable oil to withstand a broader range of temperatures, limit the buildup of sludge and varnish deposits, reduce wear, inhibit the formation of foam, rust and corrosion, and retard oxidation. In fuels, additives help maintain efficient operation of the fuel delivery system, help control deposits and corrosion, improve combustion and assist in preventing decomposition during storage.
Due to the variety in the properties and applications of oils, a number of different chemicals are used to formulate Lubrizol's products. Each additive combination is designed to fit the characteristics of the customer's base oil and the level of performance specified. Engine oils for passenger cars contain a combination of chemical additives which usually includes one or more detergents, dispersants, oxidation inhibitors and wear inhibitors, pour point depressants and viscosity improvers. Other chemical combinations are used in heavy duty engine oils for trucks and off-highway equipment and in formulations for gear oils, automatic transmission fluids, industrial oils, metalworking fluids, and gasoline, diesel and residual fuels.
COMPETITION. The chemical additive field is highly competitive in terms of price, product performance and customer service. The company's principal competitors, both in the United States and overseas, are four m