rademarks include those listed with the Company's principal products.
The Company maintains research, engineering and testing centers at Carthage, Missouri, and also does research and development work at several of its other facilities. The Company is unable to precisely calculate the cost of research and development since the personnel involved in product and machinery development also spend portions of their time in other areas. However, the Company believes that the cost of research and development approximated $5 million in each of the last three years.
EMPLOYEES. The Company has approximately 13,000 employees of whom approximately 10,000 are engaged in production. Approximately 40% of the Company's production employees are represented by labor unions.
The Company did not experience any material work stoppage related to the negotiation of contracts with labor unions during 1993. Management is not aware of any circumstance which is likely to result in a material work stoppage related to the negotiations of any contracts expiring during 1994.
COMPETITION. The markets for components and other products the Company produces are highly competitive in all aspects. There are numerous companies offering products which compete with those products offered by the Company. The Company believes it is the largest supplier in the United States of a diverse range of furniture and bedding components to the furnishings industry.
GOVERNMENT REGULATION. The Company's various operations are subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment, worker safety, and other matters. Environmental regulations include those relating to air and water emissions, underground storage tanks, waste handling, and the like. While the Company cannot forecast policies that may be adopted by various regulatory agencies, management believes that compliance with these various laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated