MENTS.
The Declaration of Trust authorized the Trustees to seek advice from time to time on the values and suitability of prospective investments and dispositions.
The Trust's management at the time of its bankruptcy filing was subject to considerable controversy and dispute. The Trust filed an application (the "B&B Employment Application") seeking authority to employ its prepetition advisor and property manager, B&B I and B&B II, respectively. The UST and the Pacific Mutual Lenders, among others, raised numerous questions regarding the employment and compensation of B&B I and B&B II in the Chapter 11 Case, which objections were scheduled for a hearing and cross-examination testimony. Following numerous and lengthy discussions with the UST, in particular, as well as other parties, regarding the Trust's post-petition operations and management, the Trust withdrew the B&B Employment Application.
For two decades the Trust had no employees and managed and operated its properties through outside entities. Pursuant to a consensual agreement with the UST, the Trust won court approval of and implemented a sweeping change in its management structure. In October 1993, the Trust changed to a self-administration management structure. This involved:
July 21, 1994
1. Hiring a number of employees of B&B I and B&B II who were knowledgeable regarding the Trust's properties, operations and financial affairs;
2. Expanding the duties of Doris Alexis, chairperson of the Trust's Board of Trustees, including significantly enlarging her day to day responsibilities and involvement;
3. Other management and administration changes, including changes in responsibilities; physical relocation of personnel, records and equipment; activation of new telephone numbers; computer system realignments; and construction of walls physically segregating remaining B&B I and B&B II personnel pending the relocation of B&B I and B&B II;
4. Engaging in arranging and negotiating the relicensing of the Trust's hote