ere justified. In October 1993, the general counsel of the PUCT instituted an inquiry into the reasonableness of GSU's rates. In November 1993, a settlement agreement was filed with the PUCT which provides for an initial reduction in annual retail base revenues in Texas of approximately $22.5 million effective for electric usage on or after November 1, 1993, and a second reduction of $20 million to be effective September 1994. Further, the settlement provided for GSU to reduce rates with a $20 million one-time bill credit in December 1993, and to refund approximately $3 million to Texas retail customers on bills rendered in December 1993. The cities rate inquiries had been settled earlier on the same terms.
In November 1993, in association with the settlement of the above- described rate inquiries, GSU entered into a settlement covering issues related to a March 1991 non-unanimous settlement in another proceeding. Under this settlement, a $30 million rate increase approved by the PUCT in March 1991, became final and the PUCT's treatment of GSU's federal tax expense was settled, eliminating the possibility of refunds associated with amounts collected resulting from the disputed tax calculation.
In December 1993, a large industrial customer of GSU announced its intention to oppose the settlement of the PUCT rate inquiry. The customer's opposition does not affect the cities' rate settlement. The customer's opposition requires the PUCT to conduct a hearing concerning GSU's rates charged in areas outside the corporate limits of the cities in its Texas service territory to determine whether the settlement's rates are just and reasonable. A hearing has been set for July 8, 1994. GSU believes that the PUCT will ultimately approve the settlement, but no assurance can be provided in this regard.
Louisiana Jurisdiction - River Bend. Previous rate orders of the LPSC have been appealed, and pending resolution of various appellate proceedings, GSU has made no write-off for the di