esidence of Partners. The names of the Partners of the Partnership and their respective addresse after each respective name as follows:
General Partner Residence
Carlyle Advisors, Inc. 900 North Michigan Chicago, IL 60611
Limited Partners Residence
Carlyle-XV Associates, L.P. 900 North Michigan Chicago, IL 60611
Carlyle-XVI Associates, L.P. 900 North Michigan 																																																						Chicago,IL 60611
As used herein, the term "Partner" shall refer to any of the General Partner or Limited Partners and the term "Partners" shall refer to the General Partner and the Limited Partners collectively and shall include their respective successors and assigns, as the case may be.
5. Term of Partnership. The term for which the Partnership shall exist shall be until December 31, 2035 unless sooner terminated as hereinafter provided.
6. Contributions of the Members of the Partnership.
A. Contributions. The Original Partners have contributed the sums set forth opposite each Partner's name on the attached Exhibit B. Each of the Limited Partners have contributed hereto the partnership interests in the Partnership assigned to them by each of the Original Partners, respectively. In the event that any Partner makes an additional contributions to the Partnership or receives a return of all or part of its contributions to the Partnership, Exhibit B shall be promptly and appropriately amended to reflect such additional or returned contribution.
B. Withdrawals of Capital. Except as otherwise herein provided, no Partner shall be entitled to withdraw capital or to receive distributions of or against capital without the prior written consent of, and upon the terms and conditions specified by, the General Partner.
C. Capital Accounts. The Partnership shall maintain for each of the Partners a Capital Account, which shall be the aggregate amount of the contributions to the Partnership made by such Partner, as set forth in Exhibit B, reduced by the aggregate amount of 