the power outage to file claims. HECO received approximately 2,900 customer claims which totaled approximately $7 million. Of the 2,900 claims, approximately 1,450 are for property damage. As of December 31, 1993, HECO had settled approximately 542 of these property damage claims, had settlement offers outstanding with respect to approximately 119 more of these claims and anticipates making settlement offers with respect to the remaining property claims upon receipt and review of appropriate supporting documentation. The settlement offers are being made for purposes of settlement and compromise only, and without any admission by HECO of liability for the outage. Not covered in the settlement offers and requests for documentation are approximately 1,450 claims involving alleged personal injury or economic losses, such as lost profits.
On April 19, 1991, seven direct or indirect business customers on the island of Oahu filed a lawsuit against HECO on behalf of themselves and an alleged class, claiming $75 million in compensatory damages and additional unspecified amounts for punitive damages because of the April 9, 1991 outage. The lawsuit was dismissed without prejudice in March 1993 and subsequently refiled by the plaintiffs. HECO has filed an answer which denies the principal allegations in the complaint, sets forth affirmative defenses, and asserts that the suit should not be maintained as a class action. Discovery proceedings have been initiated. No trial date has been set. A motion for an order denying class certification of the lawsuit has been filed and is set for hearing in March 1994.
A reserve equal to the deductible limits with respect to HECO's insurance coverage has been recorded with respect to claims arising out of the April 1991 outage. In the opinion of management, losses (if any), net of estimated insurance recoveries, resulting from the ultimate outcome of the lawsuit and claims related to the April 9, 1991 outage will not have a material adverse e