eries to industrial firm customers.
Total natural gas sales and transportation deliveries to industrial interruptible customers decreased 22.0 percent in 1993, from 591.1 million therms in 1992, to 462.5 million therms in 1993. These deliveries included the transportation of 29.3 million therms to two electric generating plants in 1993, down from 165.2 million therms transported to the same plants in 1992. In 1993, 10 percent of total utility operating revenues and 44 percent of total therms delivered were derived from sales and transportation deliveries to industrial interruptible customers. The Company and most of its largest industrial customers have entered into high-volume interruptible transportation agreements to replace agreements that were scheduled to expire. During 1993, the Company negotiated new agreements with these customers on a case-by-case basis with terms extending from two years to ten years. These agreements are designed to provide rates that are competitive with costs for alternative fuels, such as heavy oil, by reducing the per-therm transportation rate. They also are designed to provide rates competitive with "bypass" (direct connection to interstate pipelines) by applying fixed charges that vary with each customer's distance from NPC's facilities. These agreements prohibit bypass during their terms.
In November 1993, the Company's second largest industrial customer, the James River Corporation plant at Camas, Washington, switched to NPC for the delivery of gas, thus bypassing the Company's system. This customer accounted for about 2.7 percent of total deliveries and 0.2 percent of total revenues in 1992.
The Company does not expect a significant number of its other large customers to bypass its system in the foreseeable future since these customers typically are served under tariffs which are designed to be competitive with capital and operating costs of direct connections to NPC's system. (See Part II, Item 7.)
In February 1994, the OPUC au