he Company realizes net income of $9.2 million or more for such fiscal year. The exercise price for an option granted under this plan shall be the fair market value of the shares of common stock at the time the option is granted. Each option granted under this plan to the extent not exercised shall terminate upon the earlier of the termination as a member of the Company's Board of Directors or the fifth anniversary of the date such option was granted. No options are outstanding under this plan.
Preferred Share Purchase Rights
In February 1989, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend distribution of one Preferred Share Purchase Right (the Preferred Right ) for each outstanding share of the Company s common stock. The Preferred Rights are designed to ensure that all of the Company s stockholders receive fair and equal treatment in the event of a proposed takeover or abusive tender offer.
LSB Industries, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
11. Stockholders' Equity (continued)
The Preferred Rights are generally exercisable when a person or group, other than the Company s Chairman and his affiliates, acquire beneficial ownership of 30% or more of the Company s common stock (such a person or group will be referred to as the Acquirer ). Each Preferred Right (excluding Preferred Rights owned by the Acquirer) entitles stockholders to buy one one-hundredth (1/100) of a share of a new series of participating preferred stock at an exercise price of $14. Following the acquisition by the Acquirer of beneficial ownership of 30% or more of the Company s common stock, and prior to the acquisition of 50% or more of the Company s common stock by the Acquirer, the Company s Board of Directors may exchange all or a portion of the Preferred Rights (other than Preferred Rights owned by the Acquirer) for the Company s common stock at the rate of one share of common stock per Preferred Right. Following acquisition by the Acquirer of 30% or more of the Co