nd recorded as other assets. Loan fees are amortized over the terms of the related loans. The balance of unamortized loan fees amounted to $540,000 and $727,000, respectively, at October 31, 1993 and 1992.
Income Taxes -- The Company is included in the consolidated tax returns of Cooper. The Company computes a tax provision as if it were a stand alone entity.
Cash and Cash Equivalents -- Cash and cash equivalents include investments in highly liquid debt instruments with a maturity of three months or less.
B. NET PATIENT SERVICE REVENUE
The Company has agreements with third-party payors that provide for payments to the Company at amounts different from its established rates. A summary of the payment arrangements with major third-party payors follows:
Commercial Insurance -- Most commercial insurance carriers reimburse the Company on the basis of the hospitals' charges, subject to the rates and limits specified in their policies. Patients covered by commercial insurance generally remain responsible for any differences between insurance proceeds and total charges.
Blue Cross -- Reimbursement under Blue Cross plans varies depending on the areas in which the Company presently operates facilities. Benefits paid to the Company can be charge-based, cost-based, negotiated per diem rates or approved through a state rate setting process.
Medicare -- Services rendered to Medicare program beneficiaries are reimbursed under a retrospectively determined reasonable cost system with final settlement determined after
HOSPITAL GROUP OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC.) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED) YEAR ENDED OCTOBER 31, 1993 AND PERIOD FROM MAY 30, 1992 TO OCTOBER 31, 1992
submission of annual cost reports by the Company and audits thereof by the Medicare fiscal intermediary.
Managed Care -- Services rendered to subscribers of health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and simi