 We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Goulds Pumps, Incorporated, and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its methods of accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions (effective January 1, 1992) and postemployment benefits (effective January 1, 1993).
DELOITTE & TOUCHE Rochester, New York January 26, 1994
Page 23 of 54
Page 24 of 54
Page 25 of 54
Page 26 of 54
Page 27 of 54
Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollars in thousands except per share data)
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries after elimination of all significant intercompany transactions. Investments in affiliates and corporate joint ventures, representing 20% to 50% of the ownership of such companies, are accounted for under the equity method.
The majority of the foreign subsidiaries have fiscal year-ends of October 31 or November 30 to facilitate consolidation of the subsidiaries' financial statements.
Foreign Currency
The Company accounts for its foreign operations in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 52, "Foreign Currency Translation." For subsidiaries where the local currency is the functional currency, assets and liabilities are translated at current exchange rates. Earnings and expense items are translated using average exchange rates during the year. Translation adjustments are not included in determining net earnings but are accumulated and reported as a separate component o