regulations have been enacted to date which are expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. The Company has not accrued any amounts for the pending lead pigment litigation. Although no assurance can be given that the Company will not incur future liability in respect of this litigation, based on, among other things, the results of such litigation to date, the Company believes that the pending lead pigment litigation is without merit. Any liability that may result is not reasonably capable of estimation.
In 1987, an action was filed against the Company and other defendants for injuries allegedly caused by lead pigment purportedly supplied by the defendants (Spriggs v. Sherwin-Williams, et al., No. LE3121-5-87 Housing Court of Massachusetts, Hampden County). The complaint sought compensatory and punitive damages for alleged negligent product design, failure to warn, breach of warranty, and concert of action from the Company, other alleged manufacturers of lead pigment (together with the Company, the "pigment manufacturers") and the Lead Industries Association (the "LIA"). In November 1993, a stipulation of dismissal with prejudice was filed with the court.
In July 1992, the Company was served with a complaint entitled Boston Housing Authority v. Sherwin-Williams Company, C.A. No. 92-10624- Y, United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The complaint asserted a claim for contribution from the Company, other pigment manufacturers and the LIA based on their alleged negligence in product design, manufacture and distribution; negligent failure to warn; breach of warranty; aiding and abetting; and conspiracy. The plaintiff sought contribution to its $1.45 million cost of settling a claim by an individual who was allegedly injured by exposure to lead pigment in the period from 1973 to 1977. In November 1993, the parties filed a stipulation of dismissal with prejudice with