l Savings Bank.
In addition to its investment in BankAtlantic, the Company owns and manages real estate. Since its inception in 1980, and prior to the acquisition of control of BankAtlantic, the Company's primary business was the organization, sale and management of real estate investment programs. Effective as of December 31, 1987, the Company ceased the organization and sale of new real estate investment programs, but continues to manage the real estate assets owned by its existing programs. Subsidiaries of the Company continue to serve as the corporate general partners of 4 public limited partnerships which file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Subsidiaries of the Company also serve as corporate general partners of a number of private limited partnerships formed in prior years.
The Company and/or its predecessors and affiliates have been engaged in real estate investment activities since 1972. Registrant was organized in its current corporate form in 1980 as the result of a statutory merger which consolidated I.R.E. Series I, Inc., I.R.E. Series II, Inc. and I.R.E. Series III, Inc. Such corporations were originally organized as limited partnerships sponsored by predecessors and affiliates of the Company.
In March 1989, (the "1989 Exchange") the Company acquired all of the assets and liabilities of three affiliated public limited partnerships, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 21, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 23 and I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd.- Series 24 in exchange for approximately $30,000,000 in subordinated unsecured debentures which mature in 2009. In connection with the transaction, the Company acquired 14 real properties, 3 of which are still owned by the Company.
In February 1991, the Company acquired all of the assets and liabilities of two affiliated public limited partnerships, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 25 and I.R.E. Real