 Substantially all loans originated by the mortgage banking subsidiary are classified as loans held-for-sale on the consolidated statements of condition of the Corporation. New originations retained for the Corporation's residential real estate mortgage portfolio consist primarily of low-income housing, non-convertible Jumbo ARMS and residential construction loans. Residential mortgages retained in the portfolio at December 31, 1993 increased $115.4 million from December 31, 1992 primarily as a result of the success of the non-convertible Jumbo ARM product.
RETAIL
The Corporation provides a wide range of retail loan products including installment and other personal loans, home improvement loans, home equity loans, automobile and other personal property consumer financings. The recent economic recession created higher unemployment, which combined with higher levels of personal debt, put consumers under increasing pressure to meet their obligations. These pressures have resulted in rising rates of personal bankruptcies and consumer loan defaults. Despite these negative trends, the Corporation's delinquency and net charge-off experience with retail loan products has been generally better than industry averages due to stricter underwriting standards and collection procedures.
When compared to December 31, 1992, retail loans at December 31, 1993 decreased $55.6 million. This decrease is largely due to the sale of $57.3 million in manufactured housing receivables in the fourth quarter of 1993 and the Corporation's decision to phase out indirect automobile and boat lending. Retail loan demand is currently weak and is not expected to improve in the short term.
BANKCARD
The Corporation through its subsidiary, First Omni, offers both VISA(R) and MasterCard(R). Outstanding bankcard receivables increased to $527.7 million at December 31, 1993 from $494.9 million at December 31, 1992 largely due to direct solicitation efforts in 1993. First Omni will continue to increase the por