d its property management activities noted in the paragraphs above, the Company holds mortgage notes receivable of approximately $9.1 million which were received in connection with the sale of properties previously owned by the Company.
Holding Company Regulation - As the holder of approximately 48.2% of BankAtlantic's Common Stock, BFC is a non-diversified savings and loan holding company within the meaning of the National Housing Act of 1934, as amended. As such, BFC is registered with and is subject to examination and supervision by the OTS as well as subject to certain reporting requirements. As an FDIC- insured subsidiary of a savings bank holding company, BankAtlantic is subject to certain restrictions in dealing with BFC and with other persons affiliated with BFC.
Employees
At December 31, 1993, BankAtlantic employed approximately 603 full-time (with an additional 19 employees on leave of absence) and 20 part-time employees. In addition to the above BFC Financial Corporation employed 5 full-time and 1 part-time employee. Management believes that its relations with its employees are satisfactory. The employee benefits offered by the Company are considered by management to be generally competitive with employee benefits provided by other major employers in Florida. The Company's employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. Properties
BankAtlantic's principal and executive offices are located at 1750 East Sunrise Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33304. In addition to its principal office, BankAtlantic currently conducts business at 30 branch offices located in Dade, Broward and Palm Beach Counties, Florida. BankAtlantic owns the land and building on which its executive offices are located and also owns 20 of the branch offices. BankAtlantic leases either the land, the building or both in connection with the operation of its 10 other branch offices. BankAtlantic has seven leased branch office sites in Broward County, with