ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
GENERAL
American Industrial Properties REIT (the "Trust"), a Texas equity real estate investment trust, was organized as Trammell Crow Real Estate Investors on September 26, 1985. On November 27, 1985, the Trust issued 9,062,000 Shares of Beneficial Interest (the "Shares") and commenced operations. The Trust's investment objective is to maximize the total return to its Shareholders through the acquisition, leasing, management and disposition of industrial and retail properties. The Trust's original Declaration of Trust provided for a maximum term of 15 years from inception.
The Trust is engaged in a single industry segment -- operation of developed industrial and retail real estate properties. The Trust leases space in its properties to a variety of tenants. The industrial properties are leased for office, office-showroom, storage, distribution, research and development, and light assembly purposes. The retail property is leased to retail merchandise establishments, restaurants, and a cinema. No single tenant accounts for more than 10% of the Trust's consolidated gross revenue. However, Tamarac Square, the Trust's only retail property, has rental revenues in excess of 10% of the total revenues of the Trust.
The Trust initially acquired from entities engaged in the commercial real estate business under the name "Trammell Crow Company" (the "TCC Entities") 19 commercial real estate properties, consisting of 18 industrial properties located in California, Florida, Maryland, Minnesota, North Carolina, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin, and one retail mall located in Colorado. Since 1985, the Trust has sold five of its original real estate assets: two of the California properties were sold in 1990, the North Carolina property was sold in two separate transactions in 1992, one of the Houston, Texas properties was sold in 1992, and one of the Dallas, Texas properties was sold in early 1993. A property in Dallas, Texas was acquired by the Trust in December 1