s. Unrecognized items, in the aggregate, will be recognized in future years as a net increase in pension expense and pension liability under the provisions of SFAS No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for Pensions."
The Company also participates in various multi-employer union-administered defined benefit pension plans that cover certain broadcast employees. Pension expense under these plans for 1993, 1992 and 1991 was $10.2, $9.2 and $7.9, respectively.
In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company provides medical and life insurance benefits for its retired employees. Substantially all of the Company's nonunion employees may become eligible for these benefits when they retire from the Company. Also included are those union employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement that provides for such benefits. During 1991, the Company made certain revisions to its retiree medical insurance program. Effective January 1, 1992, most current retirees and all future retirees were required to contribute to the cost of this coverage, and a maximum outlay by the Company for this cost was established. In addition, all retirees whose employment started after March 31, 1991 may maintain their coverage only if they pay its full cost.
In 1992, the Company implemented, on the immediate recognition basis, SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," and recorded a transition obligation that resulted in a charge to net income of $76.1, net of an income tax benefit of $49.3.
11. Retirement Plans (continued)
Under the new guidelines, the costs of the benefits are accrued over a period ending with the date that the qualified employees become eligible to retire, and future inflation of medical costs is considered in the determination of these costs. As a result, the costs of providing these benefits were as follows: Year ended December 31 1993 1992
Service cost . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1.9 $ 1.9 Interest cost. . . . . . . . . . . .