ultant for Eldercare, a nonprofit corporation engaged in the acquisition of low income and elderly housing. Eldercare has a revolving loan commitment from SWI which is owned by Mr. Phillips and affiliated with BCM. In addition, in November 1991, the Trust funded a $230,000 loan to Eldercare. Eldercare filed for bankruptcy protection in October 1993. At December 31, 1993, the Trust's loan to Eldercare was in default.
During 1993, Mr. Jordan performed legal services for BCM and its affiliates, as well as for TCI, ART and the Trust.
Related Party Transactions
Historically, the Trust has engaged in and may continue to engage in business transactions, including real estate partnerships, with related parties. All related party transactions entered into by the Trust must be approved by a majority of the Trust's Board of Trustees, including a majority of the Independent Trustees. In addition, the Related Party Transaction Committee of the Trust's Board of Trustees must review all such transactions prior to their submission to the Trust's Board of Trustees for consideration. The Trust's management believes that all of
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Related Party Transactions (Continued)
the related party transactions represented the best investments available at the time and were at least as advantageous to the Trust as could have been obtained from unrelated third parties.
As more fully described in ITEM 2. "PROPERTIES - Real Estate", the Trust is a partner with CMET in the Sacramento Nine and Adams Properties Associates partnerships.
On December 10, 1990, the Trust's Board of Trustees, based on the recommendation of its Related Party Transaction Committee, authorized the purchase of up to $1.0 million of the shares of beneficial interest of CMET through negotiated or open market transactions. At December 31, 1993, the Trust owned 54,500 shares of beneficial interest of CMET which it purchased in 1990 and 1991 through open market transac