lders.
Item Incorporated from
Item 10.


Item 10. Directors and Executive "Election of Directors" Officers of the Company
Item 11.
Item 11. Executive Compensation "Compensation and Certain Transactions"
Item 12.
Item 12. Security Ownership of "Information as to Certain Beneficial Stock Ownership" Owners and Management
Item 13.
Item 13. Certain Relationships "Compensation and and Related Transactions Certain Transactions"
PART IV
Item 13. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K
(a) See the accompanying Table of Contents to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules and the accompanying Exhibit Index.
(b) Reports on Form 8-K: The Registrant did not file any report on Form 8-K during the quarter ended December 31, 1993.
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
Financial Statement Schedules, other than that listed above, are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required, or because the information required therein is set forth in the financial statements or the notes thereto.
[DELOITTE & TOUCHE LETTERHEAD]
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Starrett Housing Corporation
We have audited the consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement schedule of Starrett Housing Corporation and consolidated subsidiaries, listed in the foregoing table of contents. These consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence