c) Lynch, Pierce Fenner & Smith, J&B Arvida Limited Partnership (sic) and Does 1 through 100, was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County of San Diego, Case No. 669709. The lawsuit was purportedly filed as a class action on behalf of the named plaintiffs and all other persons or entities in the State of California who bought or acquired, directly or indirectly, limited partnership interests ("Interests") in the Partnership from September 1, 1987 through the present. The complaint in the action alleges, among other things, that the defendants made misrepresentations and concealed various facts, breached fiduciary duties, and violated the covenant of good faith in connection with the sale of Interests in the Partnership. The complaint further alleges that such conduct violated California state law relating to fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, willful suppression of facts, and breach of the covenant of good faith. Plaintiffs, on behalf of themselves and the purported plaintiff class, seek unspecified compensatory damages, consequential damages, punitive and exemplary damages, interest, costs of the suit, and such other relief as the court may order. The Partnership believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself.
Other than as described above, the Partnership is not subject to any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business of the Partnership. Reference is made to Note 2 regarding certain other litigation involving the Partnership. Reference is also made to Note 11 for a discussion of certain claims by Merrill Lynch for indemnification by the Partnership and the General Partner against losses and expenses that may be suffered by Merrill Lynch relating to claims for arbitration asserted against it by certain investors in the Partnership.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
There were no matters submitted to a vo