INSTALLATION
There are a number of different types of cellular telephones, all of which are currently compatible with cellular systems nationwide. The Company offers a full range of vehicle-mounted, transportable, and hand-held portable cellular telephones. Features offered in some of the cellular telephones include hands-free calling, repeat dialing, horn alert and others.
The Company has established service and/or installation facilities in many of its local markets to ensure quality installation and service of the cellular telephones it sells. These facilities allow the Company to improve its service by promptly assisting customers who experience equipment problems.
The Company negotiates volume discounts from its cellular telephone suppliers. The Company discounts cellular telephones in most markets to meet competition or to stimulate sales by reducing the cost of becoming a cellular customer. In these instances, where permitted by law, customers are generally required to sign an extended service contract with the Company. The Company also cooperates with cellular equipment manufacturers in local advertising and promotion of cellular equipment.
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
The Company's customers are able to choose from a variety of packaged pricing plans which are designed to fit different calling patterns. The Company's customer bills typically show separate charges for custom-calling features, airtime in excess of the packaged amount, and toll calls. Custom-calling features provided by the Company include wide-area call delivery, call forwarding, call waiting, three-way calling and no-answer transfer. The Company also offers a voice message service in many of its markets. This service, which functions like a sophisticated answering machine, allows customers to receive messages from callers when they are not available to take calls.
REGULATION
The construction, operation and transfer of cellular systems in the United States are regulated to varying degrees by the FCC