lough of 2,800 employees in February 1993.
o Reached agreement with Boeing, its principal supplier, to convert 49 aircraft orders into options and defer their scheduled delivery dates.
o Reduced 1993 to 1996 capital spending by $6 billion.
o Agreed to sell flight kitchens which will result in the avoidance of an estimated $70 million of capital expenditures and estimated cost savings of more than $320 million over the seven year catering contract with the purchaser, before taking into account the severance payments resulting from the employee investment transaction.
o Accelerated the retirement of 25 older aircraft to reduce costs and improve operating efficiencies.
o Negotiated over $100 million in annual savings from suppliers.
o Reduced domestic capacity by eliminating certain unprofitable routes and reducing capacity in certain markets to better match demand.
o Increased the use of cooperative arrangements with domestic and international carriers resulting in increased revenue opportunities through code-sharing.
The long-term financial stability and profitability of the company is expected to be further enhanced through the proposed employee investment transaction. However, in the event the proposed employee investment transaction does not occur, United is prepared to make additional structural changes to return to profitablilty.
United's ability to generate sufficient amounts of taxable income from future operations is dependent upon numerous factors, including general economic conditions, inflation, oil prices, the state of the industry and other factors beyond management's control. In the event that future taxable income is inadequate to realize the benefits of the remaining deferred tax assets, United has identified certain tax planning strategies that would significantly contribute to the utilization of these assets. These strategies include, among other things, eliminating the prefunding of certain employee benefits and the sale of unused route authorities