ower at least through that date. Negotiations are currently underway to extend these agreements.
Fuel Adjustment Clauses
Under the laws of the State of Ohio, an electric utility is required to have semiannual hearings before the PUCO with respect to its fuel and net purchased power policies and practices. At these hearings a utility is required to show that its electric fuel component (EFC) charges are "fair, just and reasonable". The law also requires additional auditing of, and additional reporting by, the utility with respect to its fuel costs and fuel procurement policies and practices. The law provides for the recovery of fuel costs, including any over or under collection of fuel costs applicable to a prior six month period, by adjusting an electric utility's EFC rate every six months.
Penn Power uses a "levelized" energy cost rate (ECR) for the recovery of fuel and net purchased power costs from its customers. The ECR, which includes adjustment for any over or under collection from customers, is recalculated each year.
Nuclear Regulation
The construction and operation of nuclear generating units are subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) including the issuance by it of construction permits and
operating licenses. The NRC's procedures with respect to application for construction permits and operating licenses afford opportunities for interested parties to request public hearings on health, safety, environmental and antitrust issues. In this connection, the NRC may require substantial changes in operation or the installation of additional equipment to meet safety or environmental standards with resulting delay and added costs. The possibility also exists for modification, denial or revocation of licenses or permits. Full power operating licenses were issued for Beaver Valley Unit 1, Perry Unit 1 and Beaver Valley Unit 2 on July 1, 1976, November 13, 1986 and August 14, 1987, respectively.
The construction permit and ope