gahela Power Company Ohio The Potomac Edison Company Maryland and Virginia West Penn Power Company Pennsylvania
(a) Owned directly by Monongahela, Potomac Edison, and West Penn.
23 Consent of Independent Accountants See page 61 herein.
24 Powers of Attorney See pages 62-67 herein.
Exhibit 10.1
Election to Defer Receipt of Directors Fees Under the Directors Elective Deferred Fees Plan of Allegheny Power System
Pursuant to Section 4 of the captioned Plan, I hereby elect to defer receipt of ________% of all retainer and attendance fees payable to me on and after January 1, 19__.
I elect to have my deferred account, with accumulated interest, paid as follows, commencing with the 2nd day of January following the termination of my service as a member of the Board of Directors of Allegheny:
In a single lump sum, to be paid within 60 days after such January 2.
In annual installment payments of equal amounts (adjusted for interest credits) over _______ years (at least 3) with such installment payments to be made on January 2 of each year.
In annual installments of equal amounts (adjusted for interest credits) on January 2 of each year, such annual payments to be equal in number to the number of years of service.
In the event of my death prior to receipt of all amounts I have deferred under this Plan, including interest credits, the balance of such deferred funds shall be paid in a lump sum to the following designees who survive me or to my estate in proportion to the percentage shares indicated, and, if I have indicated no designees or if all indicated designees predecease me, entirely to my estate.
Designee Address Percentage Share
Dated: Signature
Exhibit 10.2
CONFIDENTIAL
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
OBJECTIVES
To attract, hold, and motivate executive personnel. Prior approval of the chief executive officer is required for inclusion in the Plan.
QUALIFICATIONS
An employee becomes eligible for inclusion when
1. the employee has held a position with a salary grade of 28 or a