nder the Toxic Substances Control Act, are contained in certain equipment currently used by Union Light. Union Light cannot predict the occurrence and effect of a release of such substances.
CERCLA provides, among other things, for a trust fund, drawn from industry and federal appropriations, to finance cleanup and containment efforts of improperly managed hazardous waste sites. Under CERCLA, and other laws, responsible parties may be strictly, and jointly and severally, liable for money expended by the government to take necessary corrective action at such sites.
The Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) significantly amended CERCLA and established programs dealing with emergency preparedness and community right-to-know, leaking underground storage tanks, and other matters. SARA provides for a significant increase in CERCLA funding, adopts strict cleanup standards and schedules, places limitations on the timing and scope of court review of government cleanup decisions, authorizes state and citizen participation in cleanup plans, enforcement actions, and court proceedings, including provisions for citizens' suits against both private and public entities to enforce CERCLA's requirements, expands liability provisions, and increases civil and criminal penalties for violations of CERCLA.
Employee Relations - ------------------
Union Light presently employs about 340 full-time employees, of whom about 280 belong to bargaining units. Approximately 90 employees are represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW), 110 by the United Steelworkers of America (USWA) and 80 by the Independent Utilities Union (IUU).
The collective bargaining agreements with the IBEW and USWA expire on April 1, and May 15, 1994, respectively. The three-year agreement with the IUU, which expires in March 1995, has a wage reopener for the third year of the contract. Negotiations with both the IBEW and IUU are presently under way.
Item 2.


Item 2. Prop