gies. These liaison activities also serve as contacts for cooperative development and evaluation of products for future applications. Contacts with the automotive and equipment industry are important so the company may have the necessary direction and lead time to develop products for use in engines, transmissions, gear sets, and other areas of equipment that require lubricants of advanced design.
PATENTS. Lubrizol owns certain United States patents relating to lubricant and fuel additives, lubricants, chemical compositions and processes, and protective coating materials and processes. It also owns similar patents in foreign countries. While such domestic and foreign patents expire from time to time, Lubrizol continues to apply for and obtain patent protection on an ongoing basis. Although the company believes that, in the aggregate, its patents constitute an important asset, it does not regard its business as being materially dependent upon any single patent or any group of related patents.
The company has filed claims against Exxon Corporation and its affiliates ("Exxon") alleging infringements by Exxon of certain of the company's patents. These suits are pending in the United States and in Canada, France and the United Kingdom, and are at various stages. The international suits allege infringement of patents that correspond to a United States patent admitted as valid by Exxon in a settlement in 1988. In the suit in Canada, a determination of liability has been made by the courts against Exxon and in favor of the company, and the case has been returned to the trial court for an assessment of damages. In another patent infringement suit, instituted by Exxon in the United States, liability and
damages determinations have been made (which are subject to appeal) against the company and in favor of Exxon. For further information regarding these cases, refer to Note 18 to the Financial Statements included in the company's 1993 Annual Report to its shareholders.
ENVIRONM