of securities of utility companies and acquisitions of interests in any other business be approved by the SEC. PUHCA also limits the ability of registered holding companies to engage in non-utility ventures and regulates holding company system service companies and the rendering of services by holding company affiliates to the system's utilities. The SEC has interpreted the PUHCA to preclude registered holding companies, with some exceptions, from owning both electric and gas utility systems. The SEC may require that CG&E and Union Light divest their gas properties within a reasonable time after the merger in order to approve the merger as it has done in many cases involving the acquisition by a holding company of a combination gas and electric company. In some cases, the SEC has allowed the retention of the gas properties or deferred the question of divestiture for a substantial period of time. In those cases in which divestiture has taken place, the SEC usually has allowed companies sufficient time to accomplish the divestiture in a manner that protects shareholder value. CG&E and Union Light believe good arguments exist to allow retention of the gas assets, and will request that the Companies be allowed to do so.
CG&E and Union Light are subject to regulation by various Federal, state and local authorities relative to air and water quality, solid and hazardous waste disposal, and other environmental matters. Compliance programs necessary to meet existing and future environmental laws and regulations will increase the cost of utility service.
Reference is made to "Gas Operations and Gas Supply" herein for information relating to FERC Order 636 and commitments for the purchase of gas and to "Construction" with respect to estimated construction expenditures.
(8) COMPENSATING BANK BALANCES AND NOTES PAYABLE:
At December 31, 1993, Union Light had lines of credit totaling $30 million, which were maintained by compensating balances. Unused lines of credit at December 31