Item 1. Business
Introduction
United Air Lines, Inc. ("United" or the "Company") was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on December 30, 1968. The executive offices of the Company are located at 1200 Algonquin Road, Elk Grove Township, Illinois 60007. The Company's mailing address is P.O. Box 66100, Chicago, Illinois 60666. The telephone number for the Company is (708) 952-4000.
United is the principal subsidiary of UAL Corporation ("UAL"), and is wholly-owned by UAL. United accounted for virtually all of UAL's revenues and expenses in 1993. United is a major commercial air transportation company.
Proposed Employee Investment Transaction
On December 22, 1993, the Board of Directors of UAL approved an agreement in principle (as amended, the "Agreement in Principle") with the Air Line Pilots Association ("ALPA") and the International Association of Machinists ("IAM") concerning a proposed transaction (the "Employee Investment Transaction") that would provide a majority equity interest in UAL to certain of the employees of United in exchange for wage and benefit concessions and work-rule changes. In January 1994, ALPA and the IAM ratified the Agreement in Principle. The Employee Investment Transaction is subject to, among other conditions, execution of definitive documentation and approval by UAL's stockholders.
The proposed Employee Investment Transaction is intended to put in place a lower cost structure that allows United to compete effectively in domestic markets and improve its long-term financial competitiveness. The concessions would come from three of United's employee groups: employees represented by ALPA, employees represented by the IAM, and the salaried and management employees. Employees represented by the Association of Flight Attendants ("AFA") have been invited to participate in the transaction, and representatives of UAL have engaged in discussions with AFA representatives concerning such participation but the transaction does not requ