ENTAL MATTERS. The company is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect the environment and limit manufacturing wastes and emissions. The company believes that as a general matter its policies, practices and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and the consequent financial liability to the company. Compliance with the environmental laws and regulations requires continuing management effort and expenditures by the company. Capital expenditures for environmental projects are anticipated to be $20 million in 1994, which is approximately the same as 1993. Management believes that the cost of complying with environmental laws and regulations will not have a material affect on the earnings, liquidity or competitive position of the company.
The company is engaged in the handling, manufacture, use, transportation and disposal of substances that are classified as hazardous or toxic by one or more regulatory agencies. The company believes that its handling, manufacture, use, transportation and disposal of such substances generally have been in accord with environmental laws and regulations.
Among other environmental laws, the company is subject to the federal "Superfund" law, under which the company has been designated as a "potentially responsible party" that may be liable for cleanup costs associated with various waste sites, some of which are on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Superfund priority list. The company's experience, consistent with what it believes to be the experience of others in similar cases, is that Superfund site liability tends to be apportioned among parties based upon contribution of materials to the Superfund site. Accordingly, the company measures its liability and carries out its financial reporting responsibilities with respect to Superfund sites based upon this standard, even though Superfund site liability is technically joint and several in nature. The co