and a leverage ratio of 4% or greater (3% or greater if the institution is rated composite 1 in its most recent report of examination); (iii) "undercapitalized" if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8%, a Tier 1 or core capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of less than 4%, or a leverage ratio that is less than 4% (3% if the institution is rated composite 1 in its most recent report of examination); (iv) "significantly undercapitalized" if the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6%, a
Tier 1 or core capital to risk-weighted assets ratio that is less than 3%, or a leverage ratio that is less than 3%; and (v) "critically undercapitalized" if the institution has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is less than or equal to 2%. The regulation also permits the OTS to determine that a savings institution should be classified in a lower category based on other information, such as the institution's examination report, after written notice. Under the OTS's prompt corrective action regulations, at December 31, 1993, St. Paul Federal qualified as a well capitalized institution based on its capital ratios as of such date.
FDICIA prohibits any depository institution that is not well capitalized from accepting deposits through a deposit broker. Previously, only troubled institutions were prohibited from accepting brokered deposits. The FDIC may allow adequately capitalized institutions that apply for a waiver to accept brokered deposits. Institutions that receive a waiver are subject to limits on the rates of interest they may pay on brokered deposits. FDICIA also prohibits undercapitalized institutions from offering rates of interest on insured deposits that significantly exceed the prevailing rate in their normal market area or the area in which the deposits would otherwise be accepted.
Safety and Soundness Regulations. Under FDICIA, the OTS is required to prescribe safety and soundness regulations r