ect routine maintenance of equipment and rights-of-way as well as planned major repairs and unplanned expenditures, primarily from forced outages at the power stations and periodic storm damage on the T&D system.
M-22
The Company is also experiencing, and expects to continue to experience, increased expenditures due to the aging of its power stations. Variations in maintenance expense result primarily from unplanned events and planned major projects, which vary in timing and magnitude depending upon the length of time equipment has been in service without a major overhaul, the amount of work found necessary when the equipment is dismantled, and outage requirements to comply with the CAAA.
Depreciation expense increases resulted primarily from additions to electric plant. Because of the increased levels of capital expenditures as a result of the CAAA (see Note J to the financial statements) and the replacement of aging equipment at the Company's power stations, depreciation expense is expected to increase significantly over the next few years.
Taxes other than income increased $1 million in 1993 due to increases in gross receipts taxes resulting from higher revenues from retail customers ($1 million) and increased property taxes ($1 million), offset by decreased West Virginia Business and Occupation taxes due to decreased generation in that state ($1 million). The 1992 increase was due to increased property ($1 million) and gross receipts ($1 million) taxes.
The net increase of $2 million in federal and state income taxes in 1993 resulted primarily from an increase in income before taxes ($3 million) and an increase in the tax rate due to the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 ($1 million), offset by plant removal tax deductions for which deferred taxes were not provided ($1 million). The net increase in 1992 was primarily due to an increase in income before taxes. Note B to the financial statements provides a further analysis of income tax expenses.
The combined inc