 included the American-Standard brand outdoor units and new lines of luxury and conventional retail residential products.
Commercial Systems Group
Sales of the Commercial Systems Group, which accounted for approximately 37% of Air Conditioning Products' sales, increased 10%, primarily on volume increases for most product lines, especially air handling systems and water chillers (principally due to improved replacement markets and increased market share), and increased revenue from Company-owned sales offices (acquisitions and volume growth). These gains were partly offset by lower volume in Canada, which continues to be adversely affected by recession. The non-residential new-construction market increased 3% in the United States in 1993, following decreases of 5% in 1992 and 17% in 1991. The non-residential replacement market was up by 6% over 1992.
Operating income for Commercial Systems increased 12% in 1993 over the recession-affected amount of 1992. The increase was primarily the result of volume gains, improvements in manufacturing efficiency, operating expense reductions, and the benefits of restructuring actions taken in 1992. The effects of these factors were partly offset by slightly lower prices, increases in material, labor, and benefit costs, the costs of additional restructuring actions in 1993, and a larger loss in the weak Canadian market.
Product development emphasis for Commercial Systems in 1993 and 1992 was on new compressor, heat transfer and microelectronic control technology; adaptation of products to refrigerants that comply with recent government regulations; energy-efficient products; products for the aftermarket and replacement market (which exceeded the new-construction market in both 1993 and 1992); and products redesigned to improve manufacturing productivity. This strategy benefited operations in 1993 and 1992, and the Company expects that this product development emphasis will result in greater sales over the next several years.
Intern