2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
Geographic Regions
The Trust has divided the continental United States into the following six geographic regions.
Northeast region comprised of the states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and Vermont, and the District of Columbia.
Southeast region comprised of the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia.
Southwest region comprised of the states of Arizona, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas.
Midwest region comprised of the states of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, West Virginia and Wisconsin.
Mountain region comprised of the states of Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Utah and Wyoming.
Pacific region comprised of the states of California, Oregon and Washington.
Real Estate
At December 31, 1993, 85% of the Trust's assets were invested in real estate located throughout the continental United States. The Trust's real estate portfolio consists of properties held for investment, investments in partnerships, properties held for sale, primarily obtained through foreclosure of mortgage notes receivable, and an investment in the equity securities of CMET, a REIT advised by BCM.
Types of Real Estate Investments. The Trust's real estate consists of apartments and commercial properties, primarily office buildings and shopping centers, or similar properties having established income-producing capabilities. In selecting real estate, the location, age and type of property, gross rentals, lease terms, financial and business standing of tenants, operating expenses, fixed charges, land values and
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
physical condition are considered. The Trust may acquire properties subject to, or assume, existing debt and may mortgage, pledge or otherwise obtain financing for a portion of its r