xamined by the Office of Thrift Supervision ("OTS") and its deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC").
BankAtlantic's revenues are derived principally from interest earned on loans, mortgage-backed securities and tax certificates and other investment securities. BankAtlantic's major expense items are interest paid on deposits and borrowings, the provision for loan losses and general and administrative expenses.
Lending Activities
General - BankAtlantic's lending activities are currently divided into three primary segments: residential real estate lending, commercial lending (consisting of commercial real estate and commercial business lending) and installment lending (primarily consisting of loans secured by second liens on residential real property, loans secured by automobiles and boats and unsecured signature loans). See "Regulation and Supervision" for a description of restrictions on BankAtlantic's lending activities.
Commercial lending is currently BankAtlantic's main lending focus. Substantially all of BankAtlantic's commercial loans are made in or relate to Dade, Broward and Palm Beach Counties, Florida. BankAtlantic's residential real estate lending consists primarily of home mortgage loans secured by residential real estate located in Dade, Broward and Palm Beach Counties, Florida. Installment loans are primarily solicited through mass market advertising and through the distribution and display of advertising materials at branch offices.
BankAtlantic's loan underwriting procedures are designed to assess both the borrower's ability to make principal and interest payments and the value of the collateral securing the loan. Employment and financial information is solicited from prospective borrowers, credit records are reviewed and the value of any collateral for the loan is analyzed. Loan information supplied by a prospective borrower is independently verified. Loan officers or other loan produc