Refining, marketing and transportation capital spending is budgeted at $388 million, up from $236 million in 1993. This includes more than $290 million for refinery projects, including modifications required to
manufacture reformulated gasoline. Approximately $40 million is dedicated to the upgrade of marketing facilities.
Planned capital spending for geothermal energy totals $73 million, compared with $53 million last year. The higher spending reflects increased development work on geothermal projects on the island of Java and exploratory drilling on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
In 1993, the company spent approximately $368 million for environmental protection and for compliance with federal, state and local laws and provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment. Of this amount $133 million was for capital expenditures and $235 million was recorded as expense. The amount charged to earnings includes expenditures to remediate past contamination and for Unocal's operating, maintenance and administrative costs to maintain environmental compliance. Estimated 1994 expenditures for environmental-related costs are $296 million in capital and $242 million in expense. The increase in capital is primarily due to expenditures for refinery projects to produce reformulated gasoline mandated by government agencies.
The Air Quality Management Plan for the Los Angeles Basin, as adopted, and the Clean Air Act Amendments could, by the year 2000, significantly and adversely affect all of the company's petroleum operations in the Los Angeles area, including its refining operations located near the Los Angeles harbor and in Carson. The company believes it can continue to meet the requirements of existing laws and regulations, although changes in operating procedures and the acquisition of additional pollution control facilities may be necessary.
The company is subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, in