tors in that company. These transactions
and services were at prices generally available from outside sources.
Transactions between the parties will take place in 1994.
In 1989, certain subsidiaries of the Corporation and Tertiary, Inc., a
corporation owned by the children of William Eberle, formed three 50/50
partnerships, to manage, develop and operate hotel properties and a subsidiary
of the Corporation also invested as a limited partner in one of the operating
partnerships. In 1992, Tertiary purchased two of the 50/50 partnerships. In
1993, Tertiary paid the remaining $100,000 from such purchase. Also in 1993,
one of the limited partnerships accrued a fee of $31,000 payable to William
Eberle for his guarantee of a mortgage loan. At December 31, 1993, there were
promissory notes outstanding from certain of the partnerships to subsidiaries
of the Corporation totalling $880,000. These notes are due in 1994; however,
it is anticipated that the maturity dates will be extended.
PART IV
ITEM_14_-_EXHIBITS,_FINANCIAL_STATEMENT_SCHEDULES_AND_REPORTS_ON_FORM_8-K
(a) 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The consolidated financial statements, together with the report there-
on of Price Waterhouse, appearing on pp. 5 through 15 of the accompanying
Annual Report are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K Annual Report.
2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
The following additional financial data should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements in the accompanying Annual Report.
Schedules not included with this additional financial data have been omitted
because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the
financial statements or notes thereto.
Schedule Page _Number_ Number
Index to Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation Financial Data
Report of Independent Accountants
Amounts Receivable from Related Parties and Underwriters, Promoters and Employees Other Than Related Parties II
Property, Plant and Equipment V
Accumulated Depreciation of Property, Plant