Dennis Harkins, age 31, has been the Controller of Green Acres Mall since June 1993. Prior to that, from August 1990 Mr. Harkins was Controller for Hayim and Co., Hempstead, New York, a company engaged in the importation and distribution of rugs. Prior to that, from January 1990 Mr. Harkins was Assistant Controller of the Yarmouth Group, New York, New York, a real estate
investment company. From June 1987 until January 1990, Mr. Harkins was an accounting manager for Angeles Corp., Los Angeles, California, a real estate investment company.
Pursuant to the Delaware Business Trust Act, the Company is required to have as a trustee a person or entity that is a resident of or has its principal place of business in the State of Delaware. The Delaware resident trustee is Wilmington Trust Company (the 'Resident Trustee'). The Declaration of Trust provides that the management of the Company is vested exclusively in the Managing Trustees who make up the Board of Trustees of the Company and that the Resident Trustee will not participate in the management of the Company except as directed by the Board of Trustees and consented to by the Resident Trustee. The principal offices of the Resident Trustee are located at 1100 N. Market Street, Rodney Square North, Wilmington, Delaware 19890-0001.
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company's officers and trustees and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company's equity securities, along with the predecessor Partnership's officers and directors and persons who owned more than ten percent of a registered class of the Partnership's equity securities (collectively, the 'Reporting Persons') to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to furnish the Company with copies of these reports.
Based on the Company's review of the copies of these reports received by it, and written representations received from Reporting Persons, th