urchasers each contributed their interests in these land parcels to joint ventures established for the purpose of developing housing products within Weston. The Partnership entered into development management agreements with these joint ventures. Pursuant to the terms of these agreements, the Partnership agreed to fund all development and construction costs, as well as certain overheads, incurred on behalf of the joint venture projects. Amounts funded are reimbursed by the joint ventures from sales revenues generated by each joint venture. Amounts advanced by the Partnership to each respective joint venture earn interest at 8.5% for the first year and prime plus 2% per annum thereafter. During the first quarter of 1993, one of the joint ventures obtained third-party, project specific financing in the amount of $4,950,000 to fund its development and construction activities. In accordance with the provisions of this financing agreement, as of December 31, 1993, the Partnership had been reimbursed the majority of amounts previously advanced to the joint venture. As a result of this financing arrangement, the Partnership does not anticipate the need for future advances to this venture. Due to significant sales activity, amounts previously advanced to the Partnership's other joint venture were reimbursed in full during 1993.
During the first quarter of 1993, the Partnership reached a settlement agreement with AOK Group, its joint venture partner in a property located in Ocala, Florida, whereby in exchange for its joint venture partner's 50% interest in the venture, the Partnership agreed to dismiss a lawsuit previously filed against its joint venture partner for failure to perform in accordance with the terms of a $1,600,000 note which had been issued to the Partnership by the joint venture. This agreement was pursued as a more favorable remedy to other alternatives available to the Partnership. As a result of this transaction, the Partnership has changed from the equity