 provides brokerage and related investment services to more than 2.5 million active investor accounts. These accounts held $95.8 billion in assets at December 31, 1993. M&S operates four offices in four states offering trade execution services for Nasdaq securities to institutional clients and broker-dealers, including Schwab. Schwab's primary focus is serving retail clients who seek a wide selection of quality investment services at fees that, in most cases, are substantially lower than those of full-commission firms. The table on the following page sets forth on a comparative basis the Company's revenues for the three years ended December 31, 1993. These revenue figures reflect developments in, and the composition of, the Company's business.
Schwab provides its customers, most of whom are retail investors, with convenient and prompt execution of their orders to purchase and sell securities, and with rapid access to market-related information. A key to both the quality and speed of Schwab's service and to its ability to provide commission discounts is its sophisticated communications and information processing systems.
Schwab primarily serves investors who wish to conduct their own research and make their own investment decisions and do not wish to pay, through brokerage commissions, for research or portfolio management. To attract and accommodate investors who want research and portfolio management services, however, Schwab offers a variety of fee-based (primarily third-party) research and portfolio management products. This customer segment has become increasingly significant to Schwab's growth in customer assets and accounts. During 1993, Schwab client assets held in customer accounts managed by financial advisors increased $9.6 billion (73%) to a total of $22.9 billion.
Schwab does not generally maintain inventories of securities for sale to its customers or engage in principal transactions with its customers. Exceptions to this general rule include: (1) having