s, its branch network, and other aspects of its business, the Company incurs substantial expenses that do not vary directly, at least in the short term, with fluctuations in securities transaction volumes and revenues. In the event of a material reduction in revenues, the Company may not reduce such expenses quickly and, as a result, the Company could experience reduced profitability or losses. Conversely, sudden surges in transaction volume can result in increased profits and profit margins. To ensure that it has the capacity to process projected increases in transaction volumes, the Company has historically made substantial capital and operating expenditures in advance of such projected increases, including during periods of low transaction volumes. In the event that such growth in transaction volumes does not occur, the expenses related to such investments could, as they have in the past, cause reduced profitability or losses.
COMPETITION
The Company encounters rigorous competition from full-commission and discount brokerage firms, as well as from financial institutions, mutual fund sponsors, market makers in Nasdaq securities and other organizations. The recent general financial success of the securities industry has strengthened existing competitors, and management believes that such success will continue to attract additional competitors such as banks and insurance companies. Some of these competitors are larger, more diversified, and have greater capital resources than the Company. In many instances the Company is competing with such organizations for the same customers. Management believes that the main competitive factors are quality, convenience, price of services and products offered, and breadth of product line.
Most discount brokerage firms charge commissions lower than Schwab. Full- commission brokerage firms also offer discounted commissions to selected retail customers. Many brokerage firms employ substantial funds in advertising and direct solicitat