sets of the Partnership made to such Partner, and increased by the aggregate amount of any profits allocated to such Partner.
E. Loans. Except as provided in Section 8C hereof, all advances or payments to the Partnership by any Partner other than the contributions required or made under Sections 6 or 7 hereof, shall be deemed to be loans by such Partner to the Partnership, and the Partner making the same shall be entitled to interest thereon at such rates per annum as the Partners may agree, and the same, together with interest as aforesaid, shall be repaid before any distribution shall be made hereunder to the Partners.
No such loan to the Partnership shall be made without the prior written consent of the Partners and, unless all Partners otherwise agree, shall be required to be made by all Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Shares (as hereinafter defined). With respect to any borrowings by the Partnership for which there is recourse to the Partners or any of their respective assets, the Partners shall be liable for such borrowings in proportion to their respective Partnership Shares (as hereinafter defined) as determined from time to time.
7. Partnership Shares.
A. As used herein, "profits" or "losses" include, without limitation, each item of Partnership income, gain, loss and deduction as determined for Federal income tax purposes, and "Partnership Share" means 99% to the Limited Partner and 1% to the General Partner. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7, all profits or losses from the operations of the Partnership for a fiscal year or part thereof shall be allocated to the Partners based upon their respective Partnership Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent required by Section 704(c) of the Code (as hereinafter defined) and the regulations promulgated thereunder, income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to the Property then owned by the Partnership shall be shared among the Partners so as to take account of the