. NAVL also operates as an intrastate carrier of property in 17 states.
Prior to its restructuring in 1993, NAVL's domestic motor carrier business was organized into three primary divisions: Relocation Services (RS) specializing in residential relocation of household goods; High Value Products (HVP) specializing in office and industrial relocations and transporting exhibits; and Commercial Transport (CT) specializing in the transportation of truckload shipments of general commodities. In 1993, NAVL underwent a restructuring involving termination of the CT Division and sale of the operations of Tran-Star, Inc. (Tran-Star), NAVL's refrigerated trucking subsidiary. In 1993, NAVL discontinued CT's operations, transferred some parts of CT's business to other divisions and began selling CT's assets that are not needed in NAVL's other operations. The sale of Tran-Star's operations was completed on December 31, 1993. During 1993, the RS and HVP divisions conducted operations through agents at 707 locations in the United States. Agents are local moving and storage companies that provide NAVL with such services as solicitation, packing and warehousing in connection with the movement of household goods and specialized products. NAVL's domestic operations are expected to be conducted principally through the RS and HVP divisions in 1994 and thereafter.
Customized Logistics Services (CLS) was established in 1993 as an operating unit of the HVP Division. CLS' business is to focus NAVL's resources to respond to a variety of customer needs for integrated logistics services. The services include emergency parts order fulfillment, time definite transportation, and returns and merchandise recycling services.
NAVL's foreign operations are conducted through the RS and HVP Divisions and through foreign subsidiaries, including North American Van Lines Canada, Ltd. The latter subsidiary provides motor carrier service for the transportation of used household goods and specialized commodities