of CBS Inc.
- 8 - Item 2.


Item 2. Properties.
The principal executive offices of CBS are located in its headquarters building at 51 West 52 Street, New York, NY 10019.
Major CBS television and/or radio facilities are located at the CBS Broadcast Center at 524 West 57 Street, New York, NY and the headquarters building in New York, NY; CBS Television City and Columbia Square in Los Angeles, CA; and in Chicago, IL; Philadelphia, PA; St. Louis, MO; Boston, MA; San Francisco, CA; a suburb of Washington, D.C.; Miami, FL; Detroit, MI; St. Petersburg, FL; Dallas/Fort Worth and Houston, TX; Minneapolis, MN; and Green Bay, WI.
Of the foregoing real estate properties, all are owned by CBS except as described below:
CBS Radio Division occupies radio studios and offices in St. Louis, MO (leases expire December 31, 2002); Boston, MA (lease expires December 31, 2006); San Francisco, CA (lease expires December 31, 1995); Dallas, TX (lease expires December 31, 1996); Houston, TX (lease expires March 25, 1994); Detroit, MI (lease expires April 30, 1998); and Minneapolis, MN (month-to-month).
Radford owns and operates a television and film production facility lot in Studio City, CA which includes 17 sound stages. Some of these facilities are made available to the CBS Entertainment Division, and the balance is leased to third parties.
CBS owns and leases other domestic real properties (including transmitter sites), and leases foreign real properties, used in connection with its business activities.
In October 1993, CBS and the City of New York consummated a previously- announced agreement whereby, for a 15-year period, CBS agreed to maintain current principal operations and specified levels of employment in New York City, and in consideration thereof the City of New York granted to CBS annual tax abatements, investment incentives, and certain other concessions. Over such period, the abatements and concessions are expected to aggregate approximately $48.5 million, and will reduce CBS'