ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
INTRODUCTION
The Cooper Companies, Inc. ('TCC' or the 'Company'), through its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures and markets healthcare products, including a range of contact lenses, ophthalmic pharmaceutical products and diagnostic and surgical instruments and accessories, and provides healthcare services through the ownership and operation of certain psychiatric facilities and the management of other such facilities. TCC is a Delaware corporation which was organized on March 4, 1980.
BUSINESS EXPANSION
TCC disposed of a number of businesses during the 1980s, and by 1989 all of its revenues were derived from the sale of contact lenses. Since that time, the Company has pursued a strategy of diversification into other businesses. As a result, total operating revenues have grown significantly and for fiscal 1993 can be allocated among the Company's businesses as follows: Hospital Group of America, Inc. (including PSG Management, Inc.) -- $45,283,000, CooperVision, Inc. -- $32,120,000, CooperSurgical, Inc. -- $14,679,000 and CooperVision Pharmaceuticals, Inc. -- $570,000.
During fiscal 1990, TCC, through various subsidiaries, acquired rights to (i) certain materials used to manufacture contact lenses, (ii) cryosurgical instruments and diagnostic devices, (iii) manufacture, distribute and sell a hard and soft intraocular lens and the injector used to insert the soft intraocular lens (which rights were subsequently sold), and (iv) two ophthalmic products.
Early in fiscal 1991, a newly-formed subsidiary, CooperVision Pharmaceuticals, Inc., obtained an exclusive license for the ophthalmic use of Verapamil, a Class I calcium channel blocker being developed as a topical therapeutic to treat ocular hypertension, or glaucoma, which could lead to damaged eye tissue and loss of vision. At about the same time, CooperSurgical, Inc., another newly-formed subsidiary, purchased a company whose primary product is an office hysteroscopy system. Shortly thereafter, C