redict whether the U.S. Supreme Court will grant such a petition, if one is filed.
GSU. Between 1986 and 1993, GSU and approximately 70 other defendants, including many national and international corporations, including LP&L, have been sued in 17 suits in the Livingston Parish, Louisiana District Court (State District Court) by a number of plaintiffs who allegedly suffered damage or injury, or are survivors of persons who allegedly died, as a result of exposure to "hazardous toxic waste" that emanated from a site in Livingston Parish. The plaintiffs alleged that the defendants generated, transported, or participated in the storage of such wastes at the facility, which was previously operated as a waste oil recycling facility. These State District Court suits, which seek damages in total amounts ranging from $1.0 million to $10.0 billion and are now consolidated in a class action, and three federal suits in three states other than Louisiana involving issues arising from the same facility, have been removed and transferred, respectively, to the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana (Federal District Court). Motions to remand the class action to the State District Court have been filed, and procedural issues regarding the federal suits are being considered as well. It is not known what effect any action taken on these motions and issues, whenever taken by the Federal District Court, would have on the April 11, 1994 State District Court trial date that was established before the suits were removed to Federal District Court; but it is unlikely such trial date will be met. The matter is pending.
In October 1989, an amended lawsuit petition was filed on behalf of 985 plaintiffs in the District Court of Jefferson County, Texas, 60th Judicial District in Beaumont, Texas, naming 55 defendants including GSU. In February 1990, another amended lawsuit petition was filed in a different state District Court in Jefferson County, Texas, on behalf of over 200 plain