eements, and the agreements do not contain bargain purchase options with respect to the facilities.
In March 1988, HECO entered into a power purchase agreement with AES Barbers Point, Inc. (AES-BP), a Hawaii-based cogeneration subsidiary of Applied Energy Services, Inc. (AES) of Arlington, Virginia. The agreement with AES-BP, as amended in August 1989, provides that, for a period of 30 years, HECO will purchase 180 MW of firm capacity, under the control of HECO's system dispatcher. The AES-BP 180-MW coal-fired cogeneration plant utilizes a "clean coal" technology and became operational in September 1992. The facility is designed to sell sufficient steam to qualify under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA) as an unregulated cogenerator.
HECO entered into an agreement in October 1988 with Kalaeloa Partners, L.P. (Kalaeloa) a limited partnership whose sole general partner is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of ASEA Brown Boveri, Inc., which has guaranteed certain of Kalaeloa's obligations and, through affiliates, has contracted to design, build, operate and maintain the facility. The agreement with Kalaeloa, as amended, provides that HECO will purchase 180 MW of firm capacity for a period of 25 years. The Kalaeloa facility, which was completed in the second quarter of 1991, is a combined-cycle operation, consisting of two oil-fired combustion turbines and a steam turbine which utilizes waste heat from the combustion turbines. The facility is designed to sell sufficient steam to qualify under PURPA as an unregulated cogenerator.
HECO has also entered into a power purchase contract and a firm capacity amendment with Honolulu Resource Recovery Venture (HRRV), which has built a 60- MW refuse-fired plant. The HRRV unit began to provide firm energy in the second quarter of 1990 and currently supplies HECO with 46 MW of firm capacity.
The PUC has approved and allowed rate recovery for the costs related to HECO's three major power purchase agreements