l Federal Circuit, acting in response to a Petition for Rehearing with Suggestion for Rehearing In Banc filed by two of the three plaintiffs in these cases, vacated the May 25 panel decision, ordered the panel opinion withdrawn, and ordered that the case be reheard by the full Court. Oral argument in the Winstar case was held on February 10, 1994. On June 3, 1993, the Court of Federal Claims entered an order staying proceedings in Northeast Savings' case pending further action by the Federal Circuit in the Winstar case or any action taken by the Supreme Court on any petition for a writ of certiorari in that case.
The Association is also involved in litigation arising in the normal course of business. Although the legal responsibility and financial impact with respect to such litigation cannot presently be ascertained, the Association does not anticipate that any of these matters will result in the payment by the Association of damages that, in the aggregate, would be material in relation to the consolidated results of operations or financial position of the Company.
NOTE 20: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK AND CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK
In the normal course of business, Northeast Savings is a party to various financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit to meet the financing needs of customers, as well as interest rate swaps entered into as a means of reducing the Association's exposure to changes in interest rates.
To varying degrees, these instruments involve elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. The following table shows the contract or notional amount of these instruments held by the Association.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer and are entered into in accordance wit