ation by the shareholders. Fiscal 1994 will be the first year Arthur Andersen & Co. will audit the books and records of the Company. The decision to change the Company's independent auditors from James D. A. Holley & Co. to Arthur Andersen & Co. was made by the Company's Board of Directors on January 21, 1994. Arthur Andersen & Co. was engaged on April 5, 1994. During the periods in which James D. A. Holley & Co. audited the books and records of the Company, none of the reports issued by such firm on the financial statements of the Company contained an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. The Company has never had any disagreements with James D. A. Holley & Co. on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure.
Item 10.


Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant
Incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled "Election of Directors" and "Executive Officers" in the Registrant's Proxy Statement dated April 7, 1994, to be filed on or before April 7, 1994.
Item 11.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled "Executive Compensation" in the Registrant's Proxy Statement dated April 7, 1994, to be filed on or before April 7, 1994.
Item 12.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
Incorporated herein by reference to the subsection entitled "Information Concerning Nominees" under the section entitled "Election of Directors", and "Principal Shareholders" in the Registrant's Proxy Statement dated April 7, 1994, to be filed on or before April 7, 1994.
Item 13.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Incorporated herein by reference to the subsection entitled "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" under the section entitled "Executive Compensation" in the Registrant's Proxy Statement 