ies relating to their operations and construction programs, including cost recovery in the regulatory process, laws, regulations and uncertainties related to environmental matters, and legal actions. Contingencies and uncertainties related to the CAAA are discussed above and under Note I to the consolidated financial statements.
All of the state jurisdictions in which the subsidiaries operate have enacted hazardous and solid waste management legislation. While the subsidiaries do not have significant hazardous waste concerns, solid wastes, such as fly ash and other coal by-products generated from power stations, must be disposed in accordance with the state requirements. The subsidiaries are incurring various costs, which are recoverable in rates, to comply with these and other environmental matters. The level of future expenditures for environmental matters is impossible to determine with any degree of certainty. It is management's opinion that the ultimate costs will not have a material effect on the financial position of the subsidiaries.
As of January 1994, Monongahela has been named as a defendant along with multiple other defendants in 1,429 pending asbestos cases involving multiple plaintiffs and Monongahela, Potomac Edison, and West Penn have been named as defendants along with multiple defendants in an additional 626 cases by multiple plaintiffs. Because these cases are filed by "shotgun" complaints naming many plaintiffs and many defendants, it is presently impossible to determine the actual number of claims against the subsidiaries. However, based on past experience and data available to date, it is estimated that less than 600 cases actually involve claims against any or all of the subsidiaries. All complaints allege that the plaintiffs sustained unspecified injuries resulting from claimed exposure to asbestos in various generating plants and other industrial facilities operated by the various defendants, although all plaintiffs do not claim exposure at 