ts (targeted decrease in costs: $15-$20 million), and if necessary, may apply for increases in customer rates (targeted increase in revenues: $10-$15 million). The Company expects that some combination of these strategies will reduce, or possibly eliminate, the adverse earnings per share effect; however, the ultimate effect on future earnings depends on the degree of success experienced by the Company in implementing its strategies.
I-2
Gas Business
As a result of FERC initiatives, the interstate gas pipeline system has been opened further to permit the transportation of natural gas by end users, including the Company's gas customers. The Company has in place local transportation tariffs to complement this interstate pipeline service. As a result, some Company gas customers now buy gas directly from producers and transport the gas to their facilities in Delaware, paying a transportation fee to the Company for the use of the Company's gas transmission and distribution facilities.
An issue contested in the Company's most recent gas base rate case involved the conditions under which firm customers would be able to switch to non-firm service such as Interruptible Gas Transportation (IGT) service. The Company's tariff in effect prior to this case did not allow firm customers to switch to non-firm service. The Company had proposed in this case to allow firm customers to switch to non-firm service with three years' advance notice. Intervenors in the case, comprised of a group of large firm and non-firm industrial gas customers, sought DPSC approval to allow switching to non-firm service with little or no prior notice. In July 1993, the DPSC approved a three-year notice requirement for firm customers switching to non-firm service. This notice period will mitigate the effect on the Company's results of operations of customers switching from firm to non-firm service.
In a related matter, during the proceedings in the Company's most recent gas base rate case, the Company's lar