, together with neighboring communities, in 16 Oregon counties, and in nine cities and neighboring communities in three Washington counties. The Company's service areas have a population of about 2,600,000, including about 78 percent of the population of the State of Oregon.
Gas Supply - ----------
General -------
The Company meets the needs of its core market (residential, commercial and firm industrial) customers through natural gas purchases from a variety of suppliers. The Company has a diverse portfolio of short-, medium- and long-term firm gas supply contracts, and, during periods of peak demand, supplements this supply with gas from storage facilities which are either owned by or contractually committed to the Company.
Natural gas for the Company's core market is transported by Northwest Pipeline Corporation (NPC) under a contract expiring September 30, 2013, providing for the delivery
of firm requirements of up to 2,460,440 therms(1) per day. NPC's rates for this service are established by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) under NPC's primary firm transportation rate schedule, as amended or superseded from time to time.
Commencing in April 1993, the Company added 500,000 therms per day of firm transportation capacity for its core market through participation in an expansion of NPC's system, and an expansion of Pacific Gas Transmission's (PGT) pipeline through central Oregon, southeastern Washington and northern Idaho. In combination, this additional firm transportation capacity provides a connection through Alberta Natural Gas Company Ltd.'s (ANG) system to producing regions of Alberta, Canada.
The cost of gas to supply the Company's core market consists of amounts paid to suppliers of the gas commodity and peaking services plus transportation charges paid to pipelines in the United States and Canada. While the rates for pipeline transportation and peaking services are regulated, the prices of gas purchased under the supply contracts are not. A