terstate pipelines by requiring the operators of such pipelines to unbundle their transportation services which historically were combined with their sales services and allow customers to choose and pay for only the services they require, regardless of whether the customer purchases gas from such pipelines or from other suppliers. The orders also require upstream pipelines to permit downstream pipelines to assign upstream capacity to their shippers, and place analogous, unbundled access requirements on the downstream pipelines. Although these regulations should generally facilitate the transportation of gas produced from the Net Profits Properties and the direct access to end user markets, the impact of FERC Order Nos. 636 and 636-A on marketing production from the Net Profits Properties cannot be predicted at this time. A number of parties which are aggrieved by the FERC's Order No. 636 program have filed petitions for review of these orders which are now pending in various U.S. Courts of Appeal.
Numerous questions have been raised concerning the interpretation and implementation of several significant provisions of the Natural Gas Act and the Policy Act (collectively, Acts), and of the regulations and policies promulgated by FERC thereunder. A number of lawsuits and administrative proceedings have been instituted which challenge the validity of regulations implementing the Acts. In addition, FERC currently has under consideration various policies and proposals in addition to those discussed above that may affect the marketing of gas under new and existing contracts. Accordingly, Santa Fe is unable to estimate the full impact that the Acts and the regulations issued thereunder by FERC may have on the Net Profits Properties.
LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS. In the past, Congress has been very active in the area of gas regulation. Recently enacted legislation repeals incremental pricing requirements and gas use restraints previously applicable. There are other legislative prop