ree from the College of Law at the University of Illinois. Mr. Sladnick is on the Board of Directors of the Montessori School in Niles, Illinois.
Information regarding the directors of the Company is omitted from this Report as the Company intends to file a definitive proxy statement not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report, and the information to be included therein is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11.
Item 11. OFFICER AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
Information regarding compensation of officers and directors is omitted from this Report as the Company intends to file a definitive proxy statement not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report, and the information included therein is incorporated herein by reference. Not withstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Report of the Organizational Planning and Stock Option Committees on Executive Compensation and the Corporate Performance Graph contained in the proxy statement shall not be incorporated by reference.
Item 12.
Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
Information required by this Item is omitted from this Report as the Company intends to file a definitive proxy statement not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report, and the information to be included therein is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 13.
Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions is omitted from this Report as the Company intends to file a definitive proxy statement not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report, and the information included therein is incorporated herein by reference.
PART IV
Item 14.
Item 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
(a)(1) The following consolidated financial statements of the Registrant and its subsidiaries include