izing
the FERC, under certain circumstances, to mandate access to utility-owned transmission facilities. The Companies are currently unable to predict the ultimate effects on their operations resulting from this legislation.
In February 1994, a bill was introduced in the Ohio legislature which would amend Ohio law to require utilities to provide transmission access to enable others to serve retail customers located in the service territory of the transmitting utility. Access would not be required however, if the transmission access requested would impair the ability of the transmitting utility to provide physically adequate service to its existing customers unless the requesting party is willing to pay the cost of eliminating the problem in instances where such elimination is possible. The sponsor of the bill has indicated that he expects its introduction will encourage comments and debate in the months ahead on the policy considerations involved. The Company is unable to predict whether this legislation will be adopted and, if adopted, what form it will actually take.
PUCO Rate Matters
The Company's Rate Stabilization and Service Area Development Program provides for base electric rates to remain at 1990 levels until at least 1997, absent any significant changes in regulatory, environmental or tax requirements. Among other things, the program also provides for the adoption of demand side management programs and a tariff option for customer retention and service area stabilization.
FERC Rate Matters
Rates for the Companies' respective wholesale customers are regulated by the FERC. The Company's tariff for its customers was approved by the FERC in 1989. Penn Power sells power to its wholesale customers under agreements which were accepted by the FERC in 1984. These agreements provide that Penn Power's wholesale customers will be charged the applicable prevailing retail electric rates through August 1994, and that they will remain full requirements customers of Penn P