ese restrictions upon a showing that there is no substantial possibility that it could use its monopoly power to impede competition in the specific market it seeks to enter (waiver standard).
The Department of Justice (DOJ) initiated a review of the MFJ's line of business restrictions in 1987. After that review, the Court removed the restriction against entry into nontelecommunications lines of business, as well as that portion of the information services restriction which prohibited voice messaging services (VMS), electronic mail, electronic White Pages services and certain gateway functions (i.e., a telecommunications arrangement, either by video or audio, in which customers can communicate with many different information service providers).
In April 1990, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (D.C. Circuit Court) affirmed the Court's decision not to remove the interexchange and manufacturing restrictions, but clarified the waiver standard in a manner beneficial to future waiver requests by the Corporation. The D.C. Circuit Court also reversed the decision not to lift the information services restriction in its entirety, and remanded the issue to the Court for reconsideration under a more lenient public interest standard which is to apply when AT&T and the DOJ, the original parties to the MFJ, do not oppose relief. In July 1991, the Court applied this public interest standard and issued an order which removed the information services restriction in its entirety, but stayed the effectiveness of the relief it granted the regional holding companies (RHCs), pending appeals. The D.C. Circuit Court has affirmed the order and the United States Supreme Court (Supreme Court) has refused to review the matter. Thus, the removal of the information services restriction on an intraexchange basis (within the LATA) has become final.
Also as a result of proceedings before the Court since divestiture, the Corporation has been authorized to engage in the res