performed by PSG Management on a parallel basis.
On October 9, 1992, HGA filed a complaint against Nu-Med and several of its subsidiaries asserting claims in excess of $4 million and asserted additional claims against the same defendants in excess of an additional $6 million that are to be resolved by an independent auditor. In both instances, HGA's claims arose from the defendants' alleged breaches of certain provisions in the acquisition agreement pursuant to which the HGA facilities were acquired. As indicated, the Company and its subsidiaries did not file a proof of claim against Nu-Med, and the bar date has passed. Since Nu-Med's subsidiaries have not filed under Chapter 11, the bar date is not applicable with respect to the Company's claims against Nu-Med's subsidiaries and those claims are still pending.
Patient and Third Party Payments. HGA receives payment for its psychiatric services either from patients, from their health insurers or through the Medicare, Medicaid and Civilian Health and Medical Program of Uniformed Services ('CHAMPUS') governmental programs. Medicare is a federal program which entitles persons 65 and over to a lifetime benefit of up to 190 days as an inpatient in an acute psychiatric facility. Persons defined as disabled, regardless of age, also receive this benefit. Medicaid is a joint federal and state program available to persons with limited financial resources. CHAMPUS is a federal program which provides health insurance for active and retired military personnel and their dependents.
While other programs may exist or be adopted in different jurisdictions, the following four categories include all methods by which HGA's three owned facilities receive payment for services:
(a) Standard reimbursement, consisting of payment by patients and their health insurers, is based on a facility's schedule of rates and is not subject to negotiation with insurance companies, competitive bidding or governmental limitation.
(b) Negotiated rate reimbu