city costs.
GSU has significant business relationships with Cajun, primarily co-ownership of River Bend and Big Cajun 2 Unit 3. GSU and Cajun own 70% and 30% of River Bend, respectively, while Big Cajun 2 Unit 3 is owned 42% and 58% by GSU and Cajun, respectively. GSU operates River Bend and Cajun operates Big Cajun 2 Unit 3.
GSU was requested by Cajun and Jefferson Davis Electric Cooperative, Inc., (Jefferson Davis) to provide transmission of power over GSU's system for delivery to the Industrial Road area near Lake Charles, Louisiana. GSU provides electric service to industrial and other customers in such area, and Cajun and Jefferson Davis do not. On October 10, 1989, Cajun filed a complaint at FERC contending that GSU wrongfully refused to provide Cajun certain transmission services so that its member, Jefferson Davis, could provide service to certain industrial customers, and it requested FERC to order GSU to provide the service. On October 26, 1989, FERC summarily dismissed Cajun's complaint, but the D.C. Circuit reversed FERC's summary determination and remanded the case to FERC for a hearing. On June 24, 1992, after a hearing, an ALJ issued an Initial Decision, again dismissing Cajun's complaint. The ALJ found that the parties' contract did not require GSU to provide the service and that Cajun's member, Jefferson Davis, had not sought permission from the LPSC to serve the end-use customers in question. If Jefferson Davis secured permission from the LPSC, the ALJ believed (but did not decide) that FERC would require GSU to provide the requested transmission service. Both Cajun and GSU have filed exceptions to the ALJ's decision, and the matter is pending before FERC.
Cajun and Jefferson Davis also brought a related action in federal court in the Western District of Louisiana alleging that GSU breached its obligations under the parties' contract and violated the antitrust laws by refusing to provide the transmission service described above. Cajun and Jefferson