ystems, as well as EWG's, to sell such capacity and energy. Given this competition, the ability of the System to sell this capacity and energy is limited. However, in 1993, the System sold 8,291 million KWH of energy (compared to 7,979 million KWH in 1992) to nonaffiliated utilities. The System also sold 1,234 MW of long-term capacity (compared to 1,048 MW in 1992) to nonaffiliated utilities outside of the System's service area. These capacity sales represent 8% of the System's net capability (excluding GSU) at year-end 1993. Under AP&L's and LP&L's Grand Gulf 1 rate orders, and under GSU's River Bend rate order in Louisiana, a portion of the capacity of Grand Gulf 1 and River Bend represents capacity that is available for sale, subject to regulatory approval, to nonaffiliated parties. In some cases, profits from such sales must be shared between ratepayers and shareholders.
As discussed in "Rate Matters and Regulation - Rate Matters - Wholesale Rate Matters - Open Access Transmission," below, Entergy Power and the System operating companies will be permitted by FERC to make wholesale capacity sales in bulk power markets at rates based primarily upon negotiation and market conditions rather than cost of service. In order to receive authorization to make such sales, AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI also filed with FERC open access transmission service tariffs. FERC has approved this filing, subject to certain modifications. Revisions to the tariffs were filed in December 1993 to recognize GSU's inclusion in the Entergy System. When the modified tariffs are made effective, Entergy Power and the System operating companies may engage in sales at market prices. It is anticipated that these tariffs will enable any electric utility (as defined in such tariffs) to use Entergy 's integrated transmission system for the transmission of capacity and energy produced and sold by such electric utility or by third parties. Other similar open access transmission tariffs have also been fi