erating results of the Company's restructured Fashion Bed Group, which manufactures sleep-related finished furniture, also began to improve near the end of 1992. In 1993, the Company's overall profitability reflected improved efficiencies in the remaining foam operations. The Fashion Bed Group also attained improved efficiencies in 1993, but continues to perform below management's expectations.
The Company's consolidated net sales in 1993 increased 16% over the prior year. Excluding acquisitions accounted for as purchases, sales increased 10%, reflecting higher unit volumes and modestly higher prices on some products. In 1992, consolidated net sales increased 8% over 1991, due almost entirely to higher unit volumes. Sales, excluding purchase acquisitions and divestitures, also increased 8% in 1992.
The following table shows various measures of earnings as a percentage of sales for the last three years. It also shows the effective income tax rate and the coverage of interest expense by pre-tax earnings plus interest.
The Company's profit margins, like sales, continued to improve since 1991. In 1993, the gross profit margin was substantially unchanged from 1992. Operating efficiencies resulting from increased sales and production, cost cutting, and constant attention to cost containment were largely offset by inflation in prices for some key raw materials. Reflecting this inflation, LIFO expense reduced the gross profit margin by 0.2% in 1993. This experience was in contrast to the previous two years, when LIFO income slightly increased gross profit margins. The replacement cost of the LIFO inventory is discussed in Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The 1993 pre-tax profit margin increased to 9.2% of sales. This improvement primarily reflected a 0.7% reduction in selling, distribution and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales. Increased efficiencies and reduced bad debt expense contributed to the improvement in operating expense rat