ent, primary metals, fabricated metal products, electrical and electronic machinery, rubber and miscellaneous plastic products and chemicals and allied products. Since 1975, I&M has leased and operated the assets of the municipal system of the City of Fort Wayne, Indiana. In addition to its AEP System interconnection, I&M also is interconnected with the following unaffiliated utility companies: Central Illinois Public Service Company, CG&E, Commonwealth Edison Company, Consumers Power Company, Illinois Power Company, Indianapolis Power & Light Company, Louisville Gas and Electric Company, Northern Indiana Public Service Company, PSI Energy Inc. and Richmond Power & Light Company.
KEPCo (organized in Kentucky in 1919), which is engaged in the generation, purchase, transmission and distribution of electric power to approximately 161,000 customers in an area in eastern Kentucky, and in supplying electric power at wholesale to other utilities and municipalities in Kentucky. At December 31, 1993, KEPCo had 842 employees. In addition to its AEP System interconnection, KEPCo also is interconnected with the following unaffiliated utility companies: Kentucky Utilities Company and East Kentucky Power Cooperative Inc. KEPCo is also interconnected with TVA.
Kingsport Power Company (organized in Virginia in 1917), which provides electric service to approximately 41,000 customers in Kingsport and eight neighboring communities in northeastern Tennessee. Kingsport Power Company has no generating facilities of its own. It purchases electric power distributed to its customers from APCo. At December 31, 1993, Kingsport Power Company had 102 employees.
OPCo (organized in Ohio in 1907 and reincorporated in 1924), which is engaged in the generation, purchase, transmission and distribution of electric power to approximately 657,000 customers in the northwestern, east central, eastern and southern sections of Ohio, and in supplying electric power at wholesale to other electric utility comp