clude approximately 1,217,000 acres (including long-term cutting rights on 214,000 acres of government lands) in Nova Scotia. The Company has mineral rights pertaining to substantially all of its U.S. timberlands but has no mineral rights pertaining to its Canadian timberlands.
Scott Paper Limited in Canada operates four manufacturing facilities, Compania Industrial de San Cristobal, S.A. in Mexico operates five manufacturing facilities and Ssangyong Paper Co., Ltd. in Korea operates four manufacturing facilities. Scott Health Care operates two manufacturing facilities in the United States and one in Canada. Forestal e Industrial Santa Fe, S.A. owns a pulp mill in Chile and Forestal y Agricola Monte Aguila, S.A. (of which the Company also owns 20%) owns 120,000 acres of forestland in Chile.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company and two of its senior officers, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Philip E. Lippincott and Senior Vice President Ashok N. Bakhru, were defendants in In Re Scott Paper Securities Litigation, a consolidated class action in the U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Pennsylvania on behalf of a class of purchasers of the Company's common shares in 1990. In July 1993, attorneys for the plaintiff class and the defendants entered into a settlement stipulation under which the plaintiffs agreed to dismiss the action with prejudice and stipulated that they were unaware of any evidence that deliberate or intentional wrongdoing was involved, and under which the Company agreed to pay $2,999,999 and its insurance carrier agreed to pay $5 million. In November 1993, the Court issued a final order approving the settlement.
The Company is a defendant in numerous actions in state and federal courts seeking damages relating to breast implants. The actions allege that the plaintiffs' breast implants were covered by polyurethane foam manufactured by the Company's former Foam Division, which was sold in 1983, and that the foam caused physical or psycho