arges. An additional $4.5 million charge was taken in the fourth quarter for the estimated cost of settling the 1991 class action lawsuit (Note 8) and for additional asset write-downs.
Report of Independent Auditors
Shareholders and Board of Directors Convex Computer Corporation
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Convex Computer Corporation at December 31, 1993 and 1992 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Convex Computer Corporation at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1992 the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes.
ERNST & YOUNG
Dallas, Texas March 25, 1994
Quarterly Financial Summary (Unaudited) (In thousands, except pe