imately 33% of the revenues of the Chemical Business consisted of sales of fertilizer and related chemical products for agricultural purposes, which represented approximately 12% of the Company's 1993 consolidated revenues, and 43% consisted of sales of ammonium nitrate and other chemical-based blasting products for the mining industry, which represented approximately 15% of the Company's 1993 consolidated revenues. The Chemical Business accounted for approximately 42% and 43% of the Company's 1993 and 1992 consolidated revenues, respectively.
Seasonality: -----------
The Company believes that the only seasonal products of the Chemical Business are fertilizer and related chemical products sold to the agricultural industry. The selling seasons for those products generally occur during the spring and fall planting seasons, i.e., from February through May and from September through November. In addition, sales to the agricultural markets depend upon weather conditions and other circumstances beyond the control of the Company.
Raw Materials: -------------
Ammonia represents an essential component in the production of most of the products of the Chemical Business, and the price of those products generally fluctuates with the price of ammonia. The Company has a contract with a supplier of ammonia pursuant to which the supplier has agreed to supply the ammonia requirements of the Chemical Business on terms the Company considers favorable. The Company believes that it could obtain ammonia from other sources in the event of a termination of that contract.
Marketing and Distribution: --------------------------
The Chemical Business sells and markets its products directly through its own sales force, 35 distribution centers and to wholesalers. See "Properties". The Chemical Business sells low density prilled ammonium nitrate-based explosives primarily to the surface coal mining industry through nine company-owned distribution centers located in close proximity to the customers