tiffs (subsequently amended to include a total of 660) naming 127 defendants including GSU. Possibly 300 to 400 or more of the plaintiffs in Texas may have worked at GSU's premises. At least five other individual suits have been filed in Beaumont against GSU and others, seeking damages for alleged asbestos exposure. All of the plaintiffs in such suits are also suing GSU and all other defendants on a conspiracy count. There are 25 asbestos- related law suits filed in the 14th Judicial District Court of Calcasieu Parish in Lake Charles, Louisiana, on behalf of an aggregate of 53 plaintiffs naming from 16 to 24 defendants including GSU, and GSU is aware of as many as 61 additional cases that may be filed. The suits allege that each plaintiff contracted an asbestos-related disease from exposure to asbestos insulation products on the premises of such defendants. Management believes that GSU has meritorious defenses, but there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these cases or that additional claims may not be asserted. In asbestos- related suits against the manufacturers, very substantial recoveries have been achieved by large groups of claimants. GSU does not presently believe that the ultimate resolution of these cases will materially adversely affect the financial position of GSU.
On February 3, 1984, Dow Chemical Company filed a request with the LPSC for a hearing to consider issues related to the purchase of cogenerated power by GSU. Other industries subsequently filed similar requests and the matters were consolidated. In November 1984, the LPSC completed hearings on rules, policies, and pricing methodologies applicable to cogeneration. Key issues were whether or not (1) GSU should be required to pay the industries for avoided capacity costs, and (2) GSU should be required to wheel power to or from the industrial plants. While the matter is still pending before the LPSC, the LPSC did set interim rates, subject to refund by either Dow or GSU, which exclude capa