these suits covers a specific method of implanting an intraocular lens into the eye. Until February 1989, the Company manufactured intraocular lenses and ophthalmic instruments, but did not engage in the implantation of such lenses. Subsequent to February 1989, the Company was not involved in the manufacture, marketing or sale of intraocular lenses. The Company denies the material allegations of Shearing's complaint and will vigorously defend itself.
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
The Company is a defendant in more than 2,600 breast implant lawsuits pending in federal district courts and state courts, some of which purport to be class actions, relating to the mammary prosthesis (breast implant) business of its former wholly-owned subsidiaries, Aesthetech Corporation ('Aesthetech'), the manufacturer, and Natural Y Surgical Specialities, Inc. ('Natural Y'), the distributor, of polyurethane foam covered, silicone gel-filled breast implants, which subsidiaries were sold to Medical Engineering Corporation ('MEC'), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company ('BMS') on December 14, 1988.
The plaintiffs in the breast implant lawsuits generally claim to have been injured by breast implants allegedly manufactured and/or sold by Aesthetech, Natural Y or MEC. The ailments typically alleged include autoimmune disorders, scleroderma, chronic fatigue syndrome and vascular and neurological complications, as well as, in some cases, a fear of cancer. A small percentage of lawsuits allege that plaintiffs are suffering from cancer, allegedly caused by the component parts of the implants, including the alleged breakdown of polyurethane foam used to cover the implants. In most cases, other defendants are named in addition to the Company, Aesthetech, Natural Y, MEC and BMS, including, in many cases, implanting surgeons and the suppliers of the silicone and polyurethane products used in the manufacture of