y with final EPA regulations. It is estimated that the continuous emission monitoring systems could cost as much as $1.0 million for all of the coal units. Final EPA regulations established the acceptable continuous monitoring methods, as well as alternative monitoring methods, that make it possible to determine the compliance of the units with respect to emission levels through fuel sampling and other estimation methods. Capital expenditures of approximately $11.0 million are estimated for continuous emission monitoring systems at the other fossil-fueled units.
The authority to impose permit fees has been delegated to the states by EPA and, depending on the extent of the state program and the fees imposed by each state regulatory authority, permit fees for the System could range from $1.6 to $5.0 million annually.
There are several other areas, such as air toxins and visibility, that will require regulatory study and rule promulgation to determine whether pollution control equipment is necessary.
Regarding sulfur dioxide emissions, the Act provides "allowances" to most Entergy units based upon past emission levels and operating characteristics. Each unit of allowance is an entitlement to emit one ton of sulfur dioxide per year. Under the Act, utilities will be required to possess allowances for sulfur dioxide emissions from affected units. Based on Entergy's past operating history, it is considered a "clean" utility and as such will receive more allowances than are currently necessary for normal operations. The System believes that it will be able to operate its units efficiently without installing scrubbers or purchasing allowances from outside sources, and the System may have excess allowances available for sale to other utilities.
Entergy currently estimates that total capital costs of approximately $39.4 million could be required to comply with the Act. These estimated costs for each legal entity are as follows:
Nitrogen Continuous Company Oxide Emissions Contr