th off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates and petroleum-related prices. These financial instruments include interest rate and currency swaps and forward currency and futures contracts, which involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the financial statements. The company believes that the actual exposure to loss is minimal and immaterial. As of December 31, 1993, the company had no financial instruments with significant off-balance-sheet risk.
CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK
Financial instruments that potentially subject the company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of temporary cash investments and trade receivables. The company places its temporary cash investments with high credit quality financial institutions and, by policy, limits the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution. Concentrations of credit risks with respect to trade receivables are limited because there are a large number of customers in the company's customer base spread across many industries and geographic areas. As of December 31, 1993, the company had no significant concentrations of credit risk.
NOTE 16 - CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The company has certain contingent liabilities with respect to existing or potential claims, lawsuits and other proceedings, including those involving environmental, tax and other matters. Management is of the opinion, based on developments to date, that such contingencies are not likely to have a material effect on the company's financial condition (including stockholders' equity, liquidity and capital resources). Although unlikely, substantial adverse decisions could have a material effect on the company's financial condition. Also, if liabilities are aggregated and assumed to occur in a single fiscal year, they could be material to the company's operating results; the likeli