ights are stated at acquisition cost. These assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis primarily over a 25-year period.
Income Taxes-Deferred income taxes are provided for timing differences between financial and taxable income. Deferred taxes are also provided on undistributed earnings of subsidiaries and affiliates located outside the United States at rates expected to be applicable at the time of repatriation.
Accounting Change - During fiscal 1993, the Company adopted, effective November 28, 1992, Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes". The cumulative effect of adopting this Statement was to decrease 1993's net income by $2,034,000 or $.04 per share. Prior years' financial statements have not been restated to apply the provisions of SFAS No. 109.
Accounting Pronouncements - In December 1990, the Financial Accounting Standard Board issued SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Post-retirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." Since the Company does not currently provide retirees with health and other benefits, the Statement has no impact on the Company's financial statements.
Net Income Per Common Share-Net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the average number of common shares and common equivalents outstanding during the year.
Industry Segment Information-The Company operates primarily within the footwear industry; therefore, no segment information is required.
2. NONRECURRING CHARGES
On September 27, 1993, the Company announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, The Keds Corporation, reached settlement agreements with the Attorneys General of all fifty states, the Corporation Counsel of The District of Columbia and The Federal Trade Commission concerning their investigations of Keds' suggested retail pricing policy. Under the settlement, which is subject to court approval, Keds agreed to contribute $5,700,000 to five charitable organizations nationwide and to pay $1,500,000 i