rchased with an original maturity to the Company of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
(e) Temporary Cash Investments --------------------------
Temporary cash investments, consisting of U.S. government securities, are stated at cost, which approximates market value. All such investments have original maturities to the Company of greater than three months.
(f) Inventories -----------
Raw materials and supplies inventories are stated at the lower of weighted average cost or market. Work-in-process and finished goods are stated on the basis of accumulated manufacturing costs, but not in excess of market (net realizable value).
EVANS & SUTHERLAND COMPUTER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(g) Property, Plant, and Equipment ------------------------------
Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line and double-declining balance methods based on the estimated useful lives of the related assets.
(h) Other Assets ------------
Other assets include deferred bond offering costs, capitalized software development costs, and goodwill, and are being amortized on a straight- line basis over the bond term, estimated useful lives, and twelve years, respectively.
(i) Marketable Equity Securities ----------------------------
Marketable equity securities are stated at the lower of cost or market. Market is determined using the closing published market price at year-end.
In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities. The Company is required to adopt provisions of Statement 115 beginning January 1, 1994, prospectively. Statement 115 requires that debt and equity securities be grouped into one of three categories; (i) held-to-maturity, (ii) available-for-sale, or (iii) trading. Financial accounting treatment of the various categories is as 