profit is defined as total hotel revenues less direct hotel operating expenses including room, food and beverage and selling and general expenses.
- --------------
The Company's operating results for the five-year period from 1989 to 1993 were principally impacted by the overall trends in the U.S. lodging industry. In 1990 and 1991, occupancy and ADR declined due to the oversupply of hotel rooms and the weakness in demand due to the general slowdown in the U.S. economy. Beginning in 1992, the demand for hotel rooms increased primarily due to improved economic conditions in the United States. Coupled with the lack of new hotel supply, occupancy, ADR and REVPAR improved. In 1993, occupancy, ADR and REVPAR continued to rise due to improving industry fundamentals, the stabilization of the Company's Wellesley Inns and AmeriSuites and the positive effects of the capital investments made by the Company to improve product quality through repositionings of hotels.
Over the five-year period ended December 31, 1993, gross operating profit was most affected by (i) the mix of the Company's limited- service hotels as compared to full-service hotels, (ii) labor and related costs and (iii) strategic marketing initiatives. The five Wellesley Inns added to the Company's portfolio generated high gross operating margins and allowed the Company to increase margins in 1990 despite a difficult economic environment. In 1991 and 1992, the positive impact on gross operating profits from the addition of the Wellesley Inns were offset by (i) above inflation
rate increases in direct hotel labor and related expenses (including wages, health care benefits and workman's compensation), (ii) the Company's decision to increase advertising and promotions (including hiring additional sales staff, providing additional guest services such as enhanced continental breakfasts and increasing outdoor advertising and direct mail marketing campaigns) and (iii) the reallocation of previously centralized costs to