e depreciated on a straight-line basis.
Intangible Assets
Costs in excess of values assigned to the underlying net assets of businesses acquired by the Partners which were contributed to the Company are being amortized on a straight-line basis over periods not exceeding 40 years. Such amortization amounted to $1,744,000 in 1992, 1991 and 1990.
Income Taxes
The Company is a partnership and generally does not provide for U.S. income taxes since all partnership income and losses are allocated to the Partners for inclusion in their respective income tax returns. Income taxes are provided on the taxable earnings of U.S. and foreign subsidiaries, including deferred taxes arising from timing differences between financial and tax reporting of income and expense items.
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 "Accounting for Income Taxes" was issued in February 1992. The statement requires the Company to make changes in accounting for income taxes no later than fiscal year 1994. Based on a preliminary review of the provisions of this statement, the Company does not believe its implementation will have a material effect on income or retained earnings.
Revenue Recognition and Warranties
Revenue from the sale of products and estimated provisions for warranty costs are recorded for financial reporting purposes generally when the products are shipped. Service and equipment rental revenues are accrued as earned.
Research, Engineering and Development Costs
Expenses for research and development activities, including engineering costs, are expensed as incurred and amounted to $67,074,000 in 1992, $63,768,000 in 1991, and $55,583,000 in 1990.
Foreign Currency
Assets and liabilities of foreign entities operating in other than highly inflationary economies are translated at current exchange rates, and income and expenses are translated using average-for-the-year exchange rates. Adjustments resulting from translation are recorded in Partners' equity and will be included in net