h care for both current and future non-union retirees.
In December 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits." The Statement will be effective in 1994 and will require using an accrual approach for accounting for benefits other than retiree health care to former or inactive employees. The impact of the Company's adoption of this Statement is not expected to be material.
Note 10 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The estimated fair value amounts of the Company's financial instruments have been determined by the Company, using appropriate market information and valuation methodologies. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments:
Cash and Cash Equivalents Because of the short maturity of these instruments, the carrying amount approximates fair value.
Notes Receivable For variable rate notes that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. The fair values of fixed rate notes are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality.
Short and Long-Term Debt The carrying amount of the Company's short-term borrowings approximates its fair value. The fair value of the Company's long- term debt is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the Company's current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.
Off-Balance Sheet Instruments Fair values for the Company's off-balance sheet instruments (swaps and financing commitments) are based on quoted market prices of comparable instruments (currency and interest rate swaps); and the counterparties' credit standing, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements (financing commitments).
The estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments consist of t