and NL and a director of Tremont, may be deemed to control each of such companies.
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
Principles of consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NL and its majority-owned subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company"). All material intercompany accounts and balances have been eliminated. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 1993 presentation.
Translation of foreign currencies
Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries whose functional currency is deemed to be other than the U.S. dollar are translated at year-end rates of exchange and revenues and expenses are translated at weighted average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Resulting translation adjustments, gains and losses from hedges of investments in non-U.S. entities and the related income tax effects are accumulated in the currency translation adjustments component of shareholders' deficit. Currency transaction gains and losses are recognized in income currently.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash equivalents include U.S. Treasury securities purchased under short-term agreements to resell, bank deposits, and government and commercial notes and bills with original maturities of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalents includes $6 million and $18 million at December 31, 1992 and 1993, respectively, which are restricted for letters of credit and certain indebtedness agreements.
Marketable securities and securities transactions
The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" effective December 31, 1993, and the Company's marketable securities were classified as either "available-for-sale" or "trading" and are carried at market. Unrealized gains and losses on trading securities are recognized in income currently. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, and the related 