r of shares Kelso controls of Holding or the Company, with final termination when Kelso's ownership control falls below 20 percent.
The Company also has entered into a transaction with Kelso Insurance Services, Incorporated (an affiliate of Kelso) ("Kelso Insurance"), and American Telephone and Telegraph Company ("AT&T") pursuant to which the Company as well as other Kelso affiliated companies participates in a telecommunications network under which AT&T provides communications services to the group at a special lower tariff rate. In connection with that transaction the Company has guaranteed a minimum annual usage by it of $2 million for a period of five years commencing 1993. No fee was paid by the Company to Kelso Insurance in connection with this transaction.
In August 1993 the Company purchased a limited partnership interest in Kelso Investment Associates V, L.P. ("KIA V"), in exchange for its commitment to make a capital contribution of $5 million to KIA V. KIA V was formed to seek out business opportunities and invest primarily in equity securities, leveraged buy-outs, and joint ventures. Kelso Partners V, L.P. serves as the general partner of KIA V. The general partners of Kelso Partners V, L.P., include Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell. Kelso & Co., L.P. is the manager of KIA V and, as such, acts as investment adviser of KIA V. The management fee relating to the interest held by the Company has been waived.
The Company will invest in a Cayman Islands corporation, A-S China Plumbing Products Limited ("ASPPL"), to be used for the establishment of various joint ventures in the People's Republic of China. The Company will have a 21% voting interest in ASPPL. Shares in ASPPL will also be sold in a private placement to certain institutions and other investors, including certain executive officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries.
Mr. Mizushima, a director of the Company and of Holding, is President and Chief Operating Officer of Daido Hoxan Inc., a 