ued. SFAS No. 109 supersedes SFAS No. 96. SFAS No. 109 was adopted effective as of January 1, 1993. The Company applied the provisions of the SFAS No. 109 without restating prior years' financial statements. For the Company, the most significant change in SFAS No. 109 as compared to SFAS No. 96 is that deferred tax assets will now be recognized and measured based on the likelihood of realization of a tax benefit in future years. Under SFAS No. 109, deferred tax assets are initially recognized for differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future deductible amounts and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance would then be established to reduce that deferred tax asset if it is more likely than not that the related tax benefits will not be realized. Under SFAS No. 96, the recognition of deferred tax benefits was limited to benefits that would offset deferred tax liabilities and benefits that could be realized through carryback to recover taxes paid for the current year or prior years.
e. Earnings (Loss) Per Share Primary earnings (loss) per share are calculated on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each period for capital stock and, when dilutive, capital stock equivalents, which assumes
exercise of stock options. Fully diluted earnings (loss) per share are calculated on the same basis, but also assumes conversion, when dilutive, of the convertible subordinated debentures for the period outstanding prior to the call for redemption on September 25, 1992, and elimination of the related interest expense, net of income taxes.
2. 1993 Acquisitions and Dispositions In September 1993, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding common stock of NERCO Oil & Gas, Inc. ("NERCO") for a cash purchase price of approximately $354 million plus associated expenses. The acquisition was financed initially through the credit facility