s to Harrison County, West Virginia, and refunded an aggregate of $67 million of debt securities having interest rates of 7.5% to 9.5% through the issuance of $72 million of securities having interest rates of 5.625% to 5.95%. The costs associated with the debt redemptions are being amortized over the life of the new bonds. Due to the significant number of refinancings which have occurred over the past two years, this balance is now about $12 million. Reduced future interest expense will more than offset these expenses.
Short-term debt is used to meet temporary cash needs until the timing is considered appropriate to issue long- term securities. Short-term debt, including notes payable to affiliates under the money pool, increased from $8.0 million in 1992 to $63.1 million in 1993. The Company canceled or postponed approximately $69 million of debt and equity financings in 1993 due to favorable short-term alternatives. In 1992, the Company and its affiliates established an internal money pool as a facility to accommodate intercompany short-term borrowing needs, to the extent that certain of the companies have funds available.
At December 31, 1993, the Company had SEC authorization to issue up to $100 million of short-term debt. In addition, a multi-year credit program was established in January 1994, which provides that the Company may borrow on a standby revolving credit basis up to $81 million. After the initial three-year term, the program agreement provides that the maturity date may be extended in one-year increments. The borrowings have the support of a long-term credit facility. During 1994, the Company plans to issue about $50 million of new equity securities and, if economic and market conditions make it desirable, may refinance up to $285 million of first
M-16
mortgage bonds, preferred stock, and pollution control revenue notes. The Company may also engage in additional Harrison County tax-exempt solid waste disposal financings to the extent that funds are