 States; one located in the Cleveland, Ohio area, at Painesville, and two near Houston, Texas, at Deer Park and Bayport. Outside the United States, the company owns additive manufacturing plants in Australia, Brazil, Canada, England, France (three locations), Japan, South Africa and Singapore. All of these plants, other than Singapore, are owned in fee. In Singapore, Lubrizol owns the plant but leases the land on which the plant is located. The company owns in fee mechanical testing facilities in Wickliffe, Ohio; Hazelwood, England; and Atsugi, Japan. The company also owns an oilseed crushing and refining plant located in Culbertson, Montana. Finally, the company owns in fee a manufacturing plant in Germany that manufactures performance chemical additives for the coatings industry.
Additive manufacturing plants in India, Mexico, Saudi Arabia and Venezuela are owned and operated by joint venture companies licensed by Lubrizol. Lubrizol's ownership of each of these companies ranges from 40% to 49%.
Lubrizol has entered into long-term contracts for its exclusive use of major marine terminal facilities at the Port of Houston, Texas. In addition, Lubrizol has leases for storage facilities in Australia, Chile, Ecuador, Finland, France, Holland, Singapore, Spain, South Africa, Sweden, and Turkey; East Liverpool, Ohio; Los Angeles, California; St. Paul, Minnesota; Bayonne, New Jersey; and Tacoma, Washington. In some cases, the ownership or leasing of such facilities is through certain of its subsidiaries or affiliates.
The company initiated a manufacturing rationalization plan during the third quarter of 1993. The plan will be implemented over the next several years and, through consolidation, is expected to result in a one-third reduction in the number of units used to produce intermediate products. See Note 17 to the Financial Statements included in the company's Annual Report to its shareholders.
Although the company continues to maintain a capital expenditure program to