ed well into 1993. During the summer, the flood in the Midwest diverted traffic to rail that formerly moved by barge. In the fall, good crop conditions in NS' sourcing areas and poor conditions elsewhere produced strong NS traffic gains.
Although the special conditions present during 1993 are not likely to recur in 1994, a small increase in agriculture revenue is expected, driven by growth in poultry production in the Southeast, a prime NS feed grain market.
METALS/CONSTRUCTION traffic (including aluminum ore, iron and steel, aluminum products, scrap metal, machinery, sand and gravel, cement, brick, miscellaneous construction, and nonhazardous waste) accounted for 7 percent of NS' total transportation operating revenues and 9 percent of total revenue ton miles during 1993. Compared with 1992, NS' total revenues for Metals/Construction were up 7 percent and revenue ton miles were up 13 percent.
Most of the revenue gain was in shipments of iron and steel, where strong industry production and new plants located on NS' lines boosted revenue $10 million. Shipments of construction commodities were also strong due to a recovery in housing.
Further gains are expected over the next few years. NS has initiatives under way intended to win back truck business in aluminum, and several new movements of municipal solid waste are expected.
INTERMODAL traffic (including trailers, containers, and Triple Crown) accounted for 8 percent of NS' total transportation operating revenues and 11 percent of total revenue ton miles during 1993. Compared with 1992, intermodal revenues increased 9 percent, and revenue ton miles increased 9 percent.
Intermodal growth in 1993 was led by a 21 percent increase in Triple Crown activity due to strong automotive shipments and expansion of service to the Northeast through the partnership with Conrail. Container revenues were up 6 percent, a smaller increase than previous years due to less international traffic caused by the continuing recession in Europe