in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Accordingly, these estimates do not include probable or possible reserves. Estimated oil and gas reserves are based on available reservoir data and are subject to future revision. Proved reserve quantities exclude royalties owned by others but include net profits type agreements on a gross basis.
Natural gas reserves are reported on a wet-gas basis, which include natural gas liquids reserves. For informational purposes, natural gas liquids reserves in the U.S. were 95, 97 and 103 million barrels at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. Foreign natural gas liquids reserves were insignificant for the above periods. The domestic reserve quantities for natural gas liquids are on a leasehold basis and are derived from the natural gas reserves by applying a national average shrinkage factor obtained from the Department of Energy published statistics.
(a) Includes 10 million barrels acquired through exchanges of property. (b) Includes the sale of 8 million barrels of future production under forward contracts and 10 million barrels due to exchanges of properties. (c) Includes the sale of 7 million barrels of future production under forward contracts. (d) Excludes 8 million barrels produced in 1992 but sold under forward contracts in 1991. (e) Excludes 7 million barrels produced in 1993 but sold under forward contracts in 1992.
OIL AND GAS RESERVE DATA (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED)
(a) Includes 8 BCF acquired through exchanges of properties. (b) Includes dispositions of 12 BCF due to exchanges of properties.
PRESENT VALUE OF FUTURE NET CASH FLOW RELATED TO PROVED OIL AND GAS RESERVES (UNAUDITED)
The present value of future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves for the years 1993, 1992 and 1991 are presented below. Revenues are based on estimated production of proved reserves from existing and planned facilities and on average prices of oil and gas at year-end. Development an