aluating whether it has insurance coverage for this matter. At this time, the Trust is unable to determine what the range of remediation costs might be. The Trust has also identified chlorinated solvent contamination at two other properties. In each case, the contamination appears to be linked to the current and/or previous dry cleaner. The Trust intends to look to the responsible parties for any remediation effort. Evaluation of these situations is preliminary and it is impossible to estimate the range of remediation costs, if any.
The Trust reserved at closing $2.25 million for environmental issues principally associated with the recently acquired Gaithersburg Square. Pursuant to an indemnity agreement entered into with the seller at closing, the Trust agreed to take certain actions with respect to identified chlorinated solvent contamination. The seller indemnified the Trust for certain third party claims and government requirements related to contamination at adjacent properties.
Management believes that the combination of cash available at December 31, 1993, the revolving credit facilities, and the unencumbered value of the Trust's properties provide the Trust with adequate capital resources and liquidity for operating purposes in the near future. The Trust, however,
continues to renovate its existing centers and seeks to acquire more shopping centers. The Trust will need to raise equity or issue additional debt in order to fund its planned renovations in 1994 and to purchase any additional shopping centers. The Trust believes that it has the ability to raise this needed capital through the offering of equity and debt securities so that it may pursue its growth plans as well as to meet its longer term capital and debt financing needs, including scheduled loan payments and contractual repayment obligations.
Results of Operations
Funds from operations is defined as income before depreciation and amortization and extraordinary items less gains on sale of real esta