d of The Honolulu Advertiser; Director of HECO, ASB and The Museum of Contemporary Art (Los Angles); Trustee of the McInerny Foundation, Punahou School, Honolulu Academy of Arts, The Contemporary Museum (Honolulu), Old Sturbridge Village (Massachusetts), The Skowhegan School (Maine) and The Philatelic Foundation, N.Y.; and member of the Governing Board of The Yale Art Gallery (Connecticut).
HECO:
The following table sets forth certain information concerning the executive officers of HECO. Their ages are given as of March 10, 1994. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board of Directors following the next Annual Meeting and/or until their respective successors have been appointed and qualified. Company service includes service with HECO affiliates.
HECO's executive officers, Robert F. Clarke, Harwood D. Williamson, Edward Y. Hirata, Paul A. Oyer and Molly M. Egged, are officers of one or more of the affiliated HEI companies.
There are no family relationships between any executive officer or director of HECO and any other executive officer or director of HECO.
The list of current directors of HECO is incorporated herein by reference to page 33 of HECO's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholder, portions of which are filed herein as HECO Exhibit 13(b). Information on the business experience and directorships of directors of HECO who are also directors of HEI is incorporated herein by reference to pages 3 through 5 of HEI's Definitive Proxy Statement, prepared for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 19, 1994, and filed herein as HEI Exhibit 22.
Mildred D. Kosaki, age 69, and Paul C. Yuen, age 65, as of March 10, 1994, are the only outside directors of HECO who are not directors of HEI. Mrs. Kosaki has been a Director of HECO from 1973 to the present. She resigned from the HEI Board in 1987. She was also a Director of the International Pacific University from 1989 to 1991 and a Director on the Board of The Honolulu Advertiser from 1983 to 