ny Power System Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan" (hereinafter referred to as the "Plan") is to provide for the payment of supplemental retirement benefits to or in respect of senior executives of Allegheny Power System companies (hereinafter sometimes referred to as a "Company" or the "Companies") as part of an integrated executive compensation program which is intended to assist the Companies in attracting, motivating and retaining executives of superior ability, industry, and loyalty.
2. Eligibility to Participate in the Plan: Each employee of a Company who was a participant in the Predecessor Plan or who on or after the Effective Date is assigned 1990 salary grade 28 or higher shall be a participant in the Plan.
3. Definitions: A. Average Compensation - shall mean 12 times the highest average monthly earnings (including overtime and other salary payments actually earned, whether or not payment thereof is deferred) for any 36 consecutive months.
B. Committee - shall mean the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors of Allegheny Power System, Inc. C. Effective Date - shall mean July 1, 1990. D. Participant - shall mean an employee who meets the eligibility requirements of Section 2. Retired Participant shall mean a Participant who has retired from service after at least 10 years of service with one or more Companies and on or after his/her 55th birthday. E. Plan Year - shall mean the 12-month period on which the fiscal records of the Plan are kept, which is now the period from July 1st to June 30th. F. Predecessor Plan - shall mean the Allegheny Power System Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans effective July 1, 1982 and July 1, 1988. G. Supplemental Retirement Benefit Reduction - shall mean the retirement benefit payable to the Participant under the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan excluding any increases in this benefit which become effective after the Participant has retired. H. Years of Service - shall mean the Participant's Years of Service,