 a wholly owned subsidiary of Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. and provides a full range of banking services through its banking subsidiaries, The First National Bank of Maryland, First Omni Bank, N.A., and The First National Bank of Maryland, D.C. (collectively the "National Banks") and The York Bank and Trust Company (collectively with the National Banks, the "Banks"). Other subsidiaries of the Corporation are primarily engaged in consumer banking, construction lending, and equipment, consumer, and commercial financing. The Corporation's primary market area is the Baltimore/Washington marketplace which encompasses all of Maryland, Washington, D.C., Northern Virginia and Southern Pennsylvania. The Corporation is subject to the regulations of certain Federal agencies and undergoes periodic examinations by those regulatory agencies.
Basis of Presentation--The consolidated financial statements include the Corporation and its subsidiaries, principally The First National Bank of Maryland ("First National"), The York Bank and Trust Company ("York Bank") and First Omni Bank, N.A. ("First Omni"). All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated.
In preparing the financial statements, Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the statement of condition and revenues and expenses for the period. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near-term relate to the determination of the allowance for credit losses and the valuation of real estate acquired in connection with foreclosures or in satisfaction of loans. In connection with the determination of the allowances for credit losses and real estate owned, Management obtains independent appraisals for significant properties.
Management believes that the allowances for losses on loans and real estate owned are adequate. While Man