, transports general freight and containerized cargo by barge on a regular schedule between all major ports in Hawaii. YB moved 3.1 million revenue tons of cargo between the islands in 1993, compared to 3.2 million tons of cargo in 1992.
A substantial portion of the state's commodities are imported, and almost all of Hawaii's overseas inbound and outbound cargo moves through Honolulu. Cargo destined for the neighbor islands is trans-shipped through the Honolulu gateway. Access to the interisland freight transportation market is generally subject to state or federal regulation, and HTB and YB have active competitors, such as interstate common carriers and, in certain instances, unregulated contract carriers.
YB has a nonexclusive Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity from the PUC to operate as an intrastate common carrier by water. The Certificate will remain in effect for an indefinite period unless suspended or terminated by the PUC. Although YB encounters competition from, among others, interstate carriers and unregulated contract carriers, YB is the only authorized common carrier under the Hawaii Water Carrier Act.
YB RATES
YB generally must accept for transport all cargo offered. YB rates and charges must be approved by the PUC and the PUC has broad discretion in its regulation of the rates charged by YB.
In June 1987, the PUC commenced a proceeding to determine whether YB's rates and charges should be reduced to reflect the effect of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 (TRA). During the period from January 1, 1988 through June 30, 1993, several rate reductions were imposed by the PUC as well as YB voluntarily reducing its rates for selected commodities. On February 13, 1992, YB filed a motion to rescind a 1.1% interim rate reduction which was implemented on January 1, 1989. On June 30, 1993, the PUC approved YB's motion to rescind the 1.1% interim rate reduction, effective July 8, 1993, and in January 1994, the PUC rendered a decision to close the TRA docket.
