inated through brokers in surrounding states.
The Bank's loan approval process assesses both the prospective borrower's ability to repay and the adequacy of the property as collateral for the loan requested. Detailed residential loan applications are submitted to salaried, full-time employees of the Bank with designated credit approval dollar limits. Where the loan approval exceeds an employee's authority, the credit is reviewed by increasingly higher levels of management. The Bank generally requires that borrowers obtain mortgage insurance on the portion of the loan which exceeds 80% of the value of the real estate and improvements. St. Paul Federal does not fund conventional mortgage loans which exceed 95% of the value of the real estate securing the loan.
St. Paul Federal's mortgage lending is subject to prescribed loan origination procedures which are based upon the standards of the FNMA, FHLMC and other institutional investors. Property appraisals on the real estate collateral securing St. Paul Federal's 1-4 family mortgage loans are made by staff appraisers and by independent appraisers approved by the Bank's Board of
Directors. Appraisals of 1-4 family properties by independent appraisers are reviewed by the Bank's staff appraisers.
Loan packages received from correspondents are underwritten before disbursement in accordance with the same guidelines the Bank applies to its direct originations. Appraisals are obtained from approved appraisers and are subject to further evaluation by outside consultants or by the Bank's own Appraisal Department.
The Bank obtains title insurance policies on first mortgage real estate loans. Borrowers also must obtain hazard insurance prior to closing and, when required by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, flood insurance. Borrowers may be required to advance funds to a mortgage escrow account from which the Bank makes disbursements for items such as real estate taxes, hazard insurance premiums and mo