r in June 1990. Management believes that the MGM Grand and the Luxor have stimulated and will continue to stimulate additional walk-in traffic that provides increased opportunities for Tropicana to attract its target customers and retain them through the Company's proprietary database marketing system. There can be no assurance, however, that the increased competition from the new casinos will not have an adverse effect on Tropicana.
In the Laughlin market, in addition to the Company's expansion completed in September 1993, the Riverside is in the process of obtaining building permits for its 792-room tower expansion which it expects to open in December 1994, and has announced a management agreement with the Mohave Indian Tribe to build and operate a small facility (approximately 250 gaming positions) in Arizona roughly twenty-five miles south of Laughlin to open in the fall of 1994. Separately, the Golden Nugget is reportedly planning to add several hundred additional hotel rooms. Another entity is reportedly planning two projects in Laughlin consisting of 1,800 rooms and 70,000 square feet of casino space north of Ramada Express and 1,000 rooms and 50,000 square feet of casino space south of Ramada Express. Sewer permits are available for new sewer capacity that was recently completed and is currently in a test phase. The new sewer capacity is expected to be available for use in the summer of 1994.
Competition involves not only the quality of casino, room, restaurant, entertainment and convention facilities, but also room, food and beverage prices. The level of gaming activity also varies significantly from time to time depending on general economic conditions, marketing efforts, hotel occupancies and the offering of special events and promotions. The extent and quality of complimentary services to attract high-stakes players and, in Atlantic City, casino customers arriving under bus programs, the personal attention offered to guests and casino customers, advertis