ment that for three years beginning October 1, 1993 Colorado will post in its tariff the minimum and maximum gathering rates which will be established by FERC. ANR Pipeline, Colorado, WIC, ANR Storage and Great Lakes, where required, hold certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the FERC covering their jurisdictional facilities, activities and services.
ANR Pipeline, Colorado, WIC, ANR Storage and Great Lakes are also subject to regulation with respect to safety requirements in the design, construction, operation and maintenance of their interstate gas transmission and storage facilities by the Department of Transportation. Operations on United States government land are regulated by the Department of the Interior.
On November 1, 1990, the FERC issued Order No. 528 in which it sets forth guidelines for an acceptable allocation method for a fixed direct charge to collect take-or-pay settlement costs. Pursuant to Order No. 528, ANR Pipeline has filed for and received approval to recover 75% of expenditures associated with resolving producer claims and renegotiating gas purchase contracts. The approved filings provide for recovery of 25% of such expenditures via a direct bill to ANR Pipeline's former sales for resale customers and 50% via a surcharge on all transportation volumes. Contract reformation and take-or-pay costs incurred as a result of the mandated Order 636 restructuring will be recovered under the transition costs mechanisms of Order 636 as well as through negotiated agreements with ANR Pipeline's customers.
FERC Order Nos. 500 and 528 allowed regulated pipelines, including Colorado, to recover, through a fixed charge, from 25% to 50% of the cost of payments made to producers to extinguish outstanding claims under existing gas purchase contracts or to secure reformation of existing contracts. Fixed charges are paid by pipeline customers without regard to volumes of gas purchased. Under this election, however, an amount equivalent to the a