Item 1. Business
BUSINESS OF ENTERGY
General
Entergy Corporation was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on May 27, 1949. On December 31, 1993, in connection with the Merger (see "Entergy Corporation-GSU Merger," below), Entergy Corporation merged with and into Entergy-GSU Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Holdings), and Holdings was renamed Entergy Corporation. Entergy Corporation is a holding company registered under the Holding Company Act and does not own or operate any physical properties. Entergy Corporation owns all of the outstanding common stock of five retail operating electric utility subsidiaries, AP&L, GSU, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI. AP&L was incorporated under the laws of the State of Arkansas in 1926; GSU was incorporated under the laws of the State of Texas in 1925; LP&L and NOPSI were incorporated under the laws of the State of Louisiana in 1974 and 1926, respectively; and MP&L was incorporated under the laws of the State of Mississippi in 1963. As of December 31, 1993, these operating companies provided electric service to approximately 2.3 million customers in the States of Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, and Texas. In addition, GSU furnished gas service in the Baton Rouge, Louisiana area, and NOPSI furnished gas service in the City of New Orleans. GSU's steam products department produces and sells, on an unregulated basis, process steam and by- product electricity supplied from its steam electric extraction plant to a large industrial customer. The business of the System is subject to seasonal fluctuations with the peak period occurring during the third quarter. During 1993, the System's (excluding GSU) electricity sales as a percentage of total System energy sales were: residential - 28.1%; commercial - 19.9%; and industrial - 36.9%. Electric revenues from these sectors as a percentage of total System electric revenues were: 36.3% - residential; 24.4% - commercial; and 27.3% - industrial. Sales to governm