ment requires that impaired loans be measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loans effective interest rate, or at the loan's observable market price, or at the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The statement applies to financial statements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1994. Management has not yet determined the impact, if any, this statement may have on the Company's financial condition or results of operations when adopted on a prospective basis in 1995.
In December 1990, FASB issued SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Post- Retirement Benefits Other Than Pension," which requires that the projected
future cost of providing post-retirement health care and other benefits be recognized as employees provide services to earn those benefits. The Company does not offer post-retirement benefits, thus this statement is not applicable.
SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Post-Employment Benefits," which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993, requires employers who provide benefits to former or inactive employees after employment, but before retirement, to recognize these obligations as employees provide services to earn the benefits. The Company does not offer post-employment benefits, thus this statement is not applicable.
Item 8.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Report of Independent Accountants
Consolidated Statements of Condition
Consolidated Statements of Income
Consolidated and Parent Company Statements of Shareholders' Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Financial Statements
Report of Independent Accountants
Shareholders and Board of Directors Capital City Bank Group, Inc. Tallahassee, Florida
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of Capital City Bank Group, Inc., and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related statements of income, shareholders' equity,