of at least $20.0 million, and (iii) permit the Company to use (and the Company is required to use) the name "Caterpillar" in the conduct of its business. The Support Agreement provides that it may be modified, amended, or terminated by either party. However, no such modification or amendment, which adversely affects the holders of any debt outstanding at the execution thereof, is binding on or in any manner becomes effective with respect to (i) any then outstanding commercial paper, or (ii) any other debt then outstanding unless such modification or amendment is approved in writing by the holders of 66-2/3% of the aggregate principal amount of such other debt. The obligations of Caterpillar under the Support Agreement are to the Company only and are not directly enforceable by any creditor of the Company, nor do such obligations constitute a guarantee by Caterpillar of the payment of any debt or obligation of the Company.
To supplement external debt financing sources, the Company has variable amount lending agreements with Caterpillar (including one of its subsidiaries). Under these agreements, which may be amended from time to time, the Company may borrow up to $53.8 million from Caterpillar, and Caterpillar may borrow up to $83.8 million from the Company. All of the variable amount lending agreements are effective for indefinite terms and may be terminated by either party upon 30 days' notice. At December 31, 1993, the Company had no outstanding borrowings or loans receivable under these agreements.
To hedge the U.S. dollar denominated borrowings in Australia against currency fluctuations, the Company has entered into forward exchange contracts with Caterpillar. All of these contracts generally have maturities not exceeding 90 days. At December 31, 1993, the Company had contracts with Caterpillar totaling $143.1 million.
The Company has an agreement (the "Tax Sharing Agreement") with Caterpillar in which the Company consented to the filing of consolidated income 