t and Holders will not receive cash distributions from oil production from the two Wasson production units burdened by the Wasson Royalties in excess of such amounts. While the Wasson ODC Unit is expected to produce at levels substantially in excess of the applicable production limitations, failure of actual production from either of the two Wasson production units to meet or exceed the applicable quarterly production limitations will reduce amounts payable in respect of the Wasson Royalties.
GAS PRODUCTION
At December 31, 1993, approximately 25 percent of the estimated future net revenues from proved reserves of the Royalty Interests, on an equivalent basis, was attributable to gas. Thus, the revenues of the Trust and the amount of cash distributions to Holders will be dependent upon, among other things, the volume of gas produced and the price at which such gas is sold. Since the early 1980s, the available gas production capacity nationwide has exceeded the demand by users of such gas, resulting in demand-related production curtailments. No assurances can be made that curtailments will not continue to exist. In addition, excess gas production capacity in the United States has generally resulted in downward pressure on gas prices. The effect of any excess production capacity which exists in the future cannot be predicted with certainty; however, any such excess capacity may have a material adverse effect on Trust distributions through its impact on prices and production volumes.
Due to the seasonal nature of demand for gas and its effect on sales prices and production volumes, the amount of cash distributions by the Trust that is attributable to gas production may vary substantially on a seasonal basis. Generally, gas production volumes and prices tend to be higher during the first and fourth quarters of the calendar year. Because of the lag between Santa Fe's receipt of revenues related to the Net Profits Properties and the dates on which distributions are made to