crows for replacements and repairs and to pay closing costs associated with the financing. The Trust paid a mortgage brokerage and equity refinancing fee of $51,000 to BCM based upon the new first mortgage financing of $5.1 million.
In March 1994, the Trust obtained first mortgage financing secured by the Carlyle Towers Apartments in the amount of $4.5 million. The Trust received net cash of $2.3 million after the payoff of $2.2 million in existing debt. The remainder of the financing proceeds were used to fund escrows for replacements and repairs and to pay closing costs associated with the financing.
Also in March 1994, the Trust obtained first mortgage financing secured by the Woodcreek Apartments, located in Denver, Colorado, in the amount of $3.0 million. The Trust received net cash of $1.2 million after the payoff of $1.7 million in existing debt. The remainder of the financing proceeds were used to fund escrows for replacements and repairs and to pay closing costs associated with the financing.
Partnership Properties. Set forth below are the Trust's investments in partnership properties and the average annual rental rate and occupancy thereof at December 31, 1993 and 1992:
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
Real Estate (Continued)
The Trust, in partnership with CMET, owns Sacramento Nine ("SAC 9"), which currently owns two office buildings in the vicinity of Sacramento, California. The Trust has a 70% interest in the partnership. The SAC 9 partnership agreement requires the consent of both the Trust and CMET for any material changes in the operations of the partnership's properties, including sales, refinancings and changes in the property manager. Therefore, the Trust is a noncontrolling partner and accounts for its investment in the partnership under the equity method.
The Trustees of the Trust, except for Messrs. Friedman, Doyle and Weisbrod, also serve as trustees of CMET. BCM, the Trust's advisor until March 31, 1994, also serves as advisor to CMET. See ITEM