 IX Short-Term Borrowings 88 X Supplementary Income Statement Information 89
All other schedules have been omitted because the information is not applicable or is not material or because the information required is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto.
Report of Independent Auditors
Stockholders and Board of Directors American Standard Inc.
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of American Standard Inc. as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, and have issued our report thereon dated March 14, 1994 (included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form-10K). Our audits also included the consolidated schedules listed in Item 14(a)2. These schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits.
In our opinion, the consolidated schedules referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information required to be stated therein.
/s/ Ernst & Young Ernst & Young
March 14, 1994
AMERICAN STANDARD INC.
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
(Item 14(a)3 - Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and Additional Exhibits)
(The File Number of American Standard Inc., the Registrant, and for all Exhibits incorporated by reference is 1-470, except those Exhibits incorporated by reference in filings made by ASI Holding Corporation ("Holding") whose File Number is 33-23070)
(3) (i) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of American Standard Inc. (the "Company"); previously filed as Exhibit (3)(i) in the Company's Form l0-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1988, and herein incorporated by reference.
(ii) Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Relative, Participating, Optional and other Special Rights of Preferred Stock and Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions thereof of Series A Preferred Stock.
(iii) By-laws of the Compa