267), June 1990, exh. (a)(3)
4 Subsidiaries' Indentures described below.
10.1 Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan
10.2 Executive Compensation Plan
10.3 Allegheny Power System Incentive Compensation Plan
10.4 Allegheny Power System Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
10.5 Executive Life Insurance Program and Collateral Assignment Agreement
10.6 Secured Benefit Plan and Collateral Assignment Agreement
11 Statement re computation of per share earnings:
Clearly determinable from the financial statements contained in Item 8.
21 Subsidiaries of APS:
Name of Company State of Organization
Allegheny Generating Company (a) Virginia Allegheny Power Service Corporation Maryland Monongahela Power Company Ohio The Potomac Edison Company Maryland and Virginia West Penn Power Company Pennsylvania
(a) Owned directly by Monongahela, Potomac Edison, and West Penn.
23 Consent of Independent Accountants See page 61 herein.
24 Powers of Attorney See pages 62-67 herein.
Exhibit 10.1
Election to Defer Receipt of Directors Fees Under the Directors Elective Deferred Fees Plan of Allegheny Power System
Pursuant to Section 4 of the captioned Plan, I hereby elect to defer receipt of ________% of all retainer and attendance fees payable to me on and after January 1, 19__.
I elect to have my deferred account, with accumulated interest, paid as follows, commencing with the 2nd day of January following the termination of my service as a member of the Board of Directors of Allegheny:
In a single lump sum, to be paid within 60 days after such January 2.
In annual installment payments of equal amounts (adjusted for interest credits) over _______ years (at least 3) with such installment payments to be made on January 2 of each year.
In annual installments of equal amounts (adjusted for interest credits) on January 2 of each year, such annual payments to be equal in number to the number of years of service.
In the event of my death prior to receipt of all amounts I have deferred under this Plan, in