eal estate. The Trust's Board of Trustees may alter the types of and criteria for selecting new equity investments and for obtaining financing without a vote of shareholders to the extent such policies are not governed by the Declaration of Trust.
Although the Trust has typically invested in developed real estate, the Trust may invest in new construction or development either directly or in partnership with affiliated or unaffiliated partners. To the extent that the Trust invests in construction and development projects, the Trust would be subject to business risks, such as cost overruns and delays, associated with such high risk activities.
At December 31, 1993, the Trust was making significant capital improvements to five of its properties, the Dunhill/Devonshire, Huntington Green and Lakepointe Apartments and the Emerson Center and Rancho Sorrento Office Buildings.
In the opinion of the Trust's management, the real estate owned by the Trust is adequately covered by insurance.
The following table sets forth the percentages, by property type and geographic region, of the Trust's real estate (other than the unimproved land and a single-family residence described below) at December 31, 1993.
The foregoing table is based solely on the number of apartment units and amount of commercial square footage owned by the Trust and does not reflect the value of the Trust's investment in each region. The Trust also owns one parcel of unimproved land of 46.27 acres located in the Southeast region and one single-family residence located in the Southwest region. See Schedule XI to the Consolidated Financial Statements included at ITEM 8. "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" for a more detailed description of the Trust's real estate portfolio.
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.)
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
Real Estate (Continued)
A summary of activity in the Trust's owned real estate portfolio during 1993 is as follows:
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.)
ITEM 2. P