tion types. The Company began designing the new computer system in early 1993 and currently anticipates that it will convert to the new system in late 1994 and the first half of 1995. The Company presently estimates that its aggregate investment in the new computer systems, including costs of system design, hardware, software, installation and training, will be approximately $20 million. The Company installed its first new warehouse management system, which includes infrared bar coding equipment and advanced computer hardware and software systems, in one warehouse in 1993 and anticipates installation in its remaining North American warehouses during 1994 and 1995.
The design and implementation of these new systems are complex projects and involve risks that unanticipated problems may delay implementation of the new systems or cause them to perform below anticipated service levels. The Company therefore is making a substantial investment in the design and installation of these systems and is dedicating a significant number of its personnel on a full-time basis to these projects. In the event the Company experiences significant delays in implementation of these new systems or such systems fail to perform at anticipated service levels, the Company may not be able to accommodate anticipated increases in sales volumes and transaction processing requirements after the third quarter of 1995.
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
The Company distributes microcomputer products throughout the world. Merisel formed its first international subsidiary in 1982 and now operates in Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Australia, Switzerland, Austria and Mexico. Merisel also has a subsidiary based in Miami, Florida, which primarily sells products to customers in Latin America and in other parts of the world where Merisel does not have a physical presence. In June 1990, the Company began limited distribution of products in Russia as part of a joint venture. Management believes that its in