ty. The Subsidiaries believe the motion is without merit; however, they cannot predict the outcome of this case.
In 1987, West Penn entered into separate agreements with developers of four PURPA projects: Milesburg (43 MW), Burgettstown (80 MW), Shannopin (80 MW) and Point Marion (2 MW). The agreements provided for the purchase of each project's power over 30 years or more at rates generally approximating West Penn's avoided costs at the time the agreements were negotiated, as defined by PURPA. Yearly capacity payments under the four agreements would total in excess of $50 million. Each agreement was subject to prior PUC approval of the pass-through to West Penn's customers of the total cost incurred under each agreement, on a current basis. In 1987 and 1988, West Penn filed a separate petition with the PUC for each agreement requesting an appropriate PUC order, and various parties intervened. Since that time, all four agreements have been, in varying degrees, the subject of complex and continuing regulatory and judicial proceedings. During 1993, West Penn entered into a settlement agreement with Point Marion and that project has been terminated.
On November 24, 1993, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court issued a per curiam opinion regarding the Milesburg project which upheld the decision of the Commonwealth Court concerning the time frame for the calculation of avoided cost and upheld the decision that the PUC had the authority under PURPA to revise and reinstate a lapsed power purchase contract. West Penn is considering its options as a result of this ruling, including a petition for certiorari to the United States Supreme Court.
On December 30, 1993, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court issued a per curiam opinion regarding the Shannopin project which upheld the decision of the Commonwealth Court affirming the PUC's authority under PURPA to revise voluntarily negotiated power purchase contracts. West Penn is considering its options as a result of this ruling, including a pet