ess notice of intent not to renew was given by the Company sixty days prior to the applicable expiration date. The agreement provided for Mr. Mancilla to be paid an annual salary of $150,000 (subject to such increases as might be mutually agreed upon), for the furnishing of certain benefits, such as payment of an automobile allowance, and for payment of a bonus (the "Bonus") of $50,000 upon the settlement of certain litigation. The Bonus was paid in 1992 following court approval of the settlement of such litigation, and is included in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above. The agreement further provided that if Mr. Mancilla's employment were terminated or constructively terminated by the Company, without cause (defined as gross misconduct), he would be entitled to receive a lump-sum payment at termination equal to two
years' salary (one year's salary if termination occurred during the initial renewal term or any subsequent renewal term), together with any salary remaining to be paid for the contract term (but, in no event, more than for an additional year); he would also be entitled to payment of an automobile allowance and certain insurance benefits for a period of not less than one year. For the purposes of Mr. Mancilla's agreement, "constructive termination" was defined as the assignment of duties inconsistent with his status as Senior Vice President and General Counsel or a substantial alteration in his responsibilities. Mr. Mancilla's agreement with the Company further provided that if his employment were terminated due to death, his beneficiary would be entitled to receive a sum equal to the aggregate of one year's salary. In May, 1994, Mr. Mancilla filed suit against the Company for breach of his employment agreement by reason of non-payment of compensation, seeking damages under the agreement in excess of $391,500. He was subsequently removed as an officer of the Company and his employment was terminated for non-performance. See "Legal Proceedings."