atively complex process flows and older equipment. The actions described above under "Productivity Improvement Actions" are designed to reduce labor density and streamline and simplify the Company's operations. See the "Trends" section of the Management's Discussion and Analysis incorporated by reference in Item 7.
Scott Health Care, a 50% joint venture between the Company and Molnlycke AB, a Swedish company, manufactures and markets Promise adult incontinence products and a chronic wound care system to nursing homes, home health care dealers and hospitals in the United States and Canada.
In February 1994, the Company divested its polystyrene bead operations, which manufacture expandable polystyrene beads and crystal and modified polystyrene beads for sale to third parties.
The Company's personal care and cleaning business in the Americas outside the United States is conducted by the consolidated subsidiaries in Costa Rica and Honduras, and the unconsolidated affiliates in Canada and Mexico, which, together with Scott's direct or indirect ownership interest therein, are listed below.
CANADA -- Scott Paper Limited (50% owned)
COSTA RICA -- Scott Paper Company de Costa Rica, S.A. (51% owned)
HONDURAS -- Scott Paper Company-Honduras, S.A. de C.V.(/1/)
MEXICO -- Compania Industrial de San Cristobal, S.A. (48.8% owned)(/2/) - -------- (/1/) This subsidiary is 100% owned by Scott Paper Company de Costa Rica, S.A. (/2/) An additional 3.1% of this affiliate is owned by a 40%-owned Mexican affiliate of the Company.
Scott Paper Limited manufactures and markets consumer and away-from-home sanitary paper products and systems similar to those marketed by the Company in the U.S., including Cottonelle, Purex and White Swan bathroom tissue, ScotTowels, Viva and White Swan disposable towels, Scotties and White Swan facial tissue and Scott Family napkins, and markets Baby Fresh baby wipes. Scott Paper Limited is the largest producer of sanitary tissue products in Canada.
Compania Ind