, including Kronos, Titanox and Rheox, are protected by registration in the United States and elsewhere with respect to those products it manufactures and sells.
FOREIGN OPERATIONS
The Company's chemical businesses have operated in international markets since the 1920s. Most of Kronos' current production capacity is located in Europe and Canada, and approximately one-third of Rheox's sales in the past three years have been attributable to European production. Approximately three-quarters of the Company's 1993 consolidated sales were attributable to non-U.S. customers, including 12% attributable to customers in areas other than Europe and Canada. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Political and economic uncertainties in certain of the countries in which the Company operates may expose it to risk of loss. The Company does not believe
- 6 - that there is currently any likelihood of material loss through political or economic instability, seizure, nationalization or similar event. The Company cannot predict, however, whether events of this type in the future could have a material effect on its operations. NL's manufacturing and mining operations are also subject to extensive and diverse environmental regulation in each of the foreign countries in which they operate. See "Regulatory and Environmental Matters".
CUSTOMER BASE AND SEASONALITY
The Company believes that neither its aggregate sales nor those of any of its principal product groups are concentrated in or materially dependent upon any single customer or small group of customers. Neither the Company's business as a whole nor that of any of its principal product groups is seasonal to any significant extent. Due in part to the increase in paint production in the spring to meet the spring and summer painting season demand, TiO2 sales are generally higher in the second and third calendar quarters than in the first and fourth calendar quarters. Sales of rheological additives are influenced by the worl