September 30, 1993, BankAtlantic ranked seventh in size among all savings institutions headquartered in the State of Florida and first in size among all financial institutions headquartered in Broward County, Florida.
BankAtlantic has substantial competition in attracting and retaining deposits and in lending funds. The primary factors in competing for deposits are the range and quality of financial services offered, the ability to offer attractive rates and the availability of convenient office locations. There is direct competition for deposits from credit unions and commercial banks and other savings institutions. Additional significant competition for savings deposits comes from other investment alternatives, such as money market mutual funds and corporate and government securities. The primary factors in competing for loans are the range and quality of lending services offered, interest rates and loan origination fees. Competition for origination of real estate loans normally comes from other savings and financial institutions, commercial banks, mortgage bankers and insurance companies.
Past legislative and regulatory action has increased competition between savings institutions and other financial institutions, such as commercial banks, by expanding the ranges of financial services that may be offered by savings institutions (e.g., interest bearing checking accounts, trust services and consumer and commercial lending authority), while reducing or eliminating the difference between thrift institutions and commercial banks with respect to long-term lending authority, taxation and maximum rates of interest that may be paid on savings deposits. Current and future regulatory requirements may adversely affect BankAtlantic's competitive position by restricting its operations.
BankAtlantic's operating goal is to provide a broad range of financial services with a strong emphasis on customer service to individuals and businesses in South Florida.
REGULATION AND SUPERVIS