rida I.R.E. Property Management, Inc. Florida I.R.E. Real Estate Funds, Inc. Florida I.R.E. Advisors Series 21, Corp. Florida I.R.E. Advisors Series 23, Corp. Florida I.R.E. Advisors Series 24, Corp. Florida I.R.E. Advisors Series 25, Corp. Florida I.R.E. Advisors Series 26, Corp. Florida I.R.E. Advisors Series 27, Corp. Florida I.R.E. Advisors Series 28, Corp. Florida I.R.E. Advisors Series 29, Corp. Florida I.R.E. Income Advisors Corp. Florida I.R.E. Pension Advisors, Corp. Florida I.R.E. Pension Advisors II, Corp. Florida
(23) Published report regarding matters submitted to vote of security holders - Not applicable.
(24) Consents of experts and counsel - Not applicable.
(25) Power of attorney - Not applicable.
(28) Additional exhibits - Not applicable.
(b) Reports on Form 8-K
No reports on Form 8-K have been filed during the last quarter of the period covered by this report.
(c) Exhibits - See 14(a) - 3 above.
(d) Financial statements of subsidiaries not consolidated and fifty percent or less owned persons:
BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank and Subsidiaries:
Consolidated Financial Statements:
Independent Auditors' Report
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 1993 and 1992
Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 1993
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 1993
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 1993
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Selected Consolidated Financial Data
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
BFC FINANCIAL CORPORATION Registrant
By: /S/ Alan B.