cations, VHF radio control circuits, data and facsimile transmissions, traffic control operations, AEI data transmissions, and relay of intelligence from defective equipment detectors. Extension of microwave communications to low density or operations support facilities is accomplished via microwave interface to buried fiber-optic or copper cables.
TRAFFIC CONTROL - Of a total of 13,438 road miles operated by NS, excluding trackage rights over foreign lines, 5,274 road miles are governed by centralized traffic control systems and 2,734 road miles are equipped for automatic block system operation.
COMPUTERS - Data processing facilities connect the yards, terminals, transportation offices, rolling stock repair points, sales offices and other key locations on NS to the central computer complex in Atlanta, Ga. System operating and traffic data are compiled and stored to provide customers with information on their shipments throughout the system. Data processing facilities are capable of providing current information on the location of every train and each car on line, as well as related waybill and other train and car movement data. Additionally, this facility affords substantial capacity for, and is utilized to assist management in the performance of, a wide variety of functions and services, including payroll, car and revenue accounting, billing, material management activities and controls, and special studies.
OTHER - NS has extensive facilities for support of railroad operations, including freight depots, car construction shops, maintenance shops, office buildings, and signals and communications facilities.
MOTOR CARRIER PROPERTY.
REAL ESTATE - NAVL owns and leases real estate in support of its operations. Principal real estate holdings include NAVL's headquarters complex and warehouse and vehicle maintenance facilities in Fort Wayne, Indiana, vehicle maintenance facilities in Fontana, California, and terminal facilities in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and Great Falls, M