of the quarterly installments has been delayed from time to time. However, during the fourth quarter of 1993, approximately $791,000 of such balance was paid by the Buyer to the Industrial Products Business under this agreement. The Company has shipped to the Buyer certain machinery and equipment and expects to deliver the balance of such machinery and equipment and the tooling and designs to the Buyer by the end of June, 1994. Circumstances could arise that could delay the delivery of the machinery, equipment, designs and tooling to the Buyer. Under the agreement, the Company's subsidiary will use its best efforts to purchase approximately $14.5 million of bearing products from the Buyer each year over a period of ten (10) years; provided, however, that the Company's subsidiary is not required to purchase more product from the Buyer in any one (1) year than the amount of tapered bearings the Company's subsidiary is able to sell in its market. The Company presently manufactures and purchases from outside sources tapered bearings. During 1993 and 1992, the Company sold approximately $10.0 million and $6.9 million, respectively, of tapered bearings. The Company
believes that the purchase price of these bearings will be favorable compared to its present cost in purchasing these products from other sources or manufacturing these products. Such prices are subject to increases or decreases based upon price increases or decreases sustained in the United States bearing industry. The Company will recognize revenues and profits on the sale of equipment and technology over the term of the agreement as they are realized. The revenue and profits realized during the delivery and installation period are being recognized on a percentage of completion basis. During the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992, the Company recorded sales of approximately $7.5 million and $6.2 million, respectively, in connection with the agreement. The percentage of completion is determined by relating