ement of loans and loans treated as in-substance foreclosures. Real estate acquired for development by BankAtlantic, or joint ventures in which BankAtlantic has an equity interest, is stated at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. During the period of the accompanying financial statements, BankAtlantic did not have any real estate acquired for development. Profit on real estate sold is recognized when the collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured and BankAtlantic is not obligated to perform significant activities after the sale. Any estimated loss is recognized in the period in which it becomes apparent. REO is recorded at the lower of the loan balance, plus acquisition costs, or fair value, less estimated disposition costs. Expenditures for capital improvements made thereafter are generally capitalized. Real estate acquired in settlement of loans is anticipated to be sold and valuation allowance adjustments are made to reflect any subsequent changes in fair values from the initially recorded amount. Costs of holding REO are charged to operations as incurred. Provisions and recoveries in the REO valuation allowance are reflected in operations. Office Properties and Equipment - Land is carried at cost. Office properties and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets which generally range up to 50 years for buildings and 10 years for equipment. The cost of leasehold improvements is being amortized using the straight-line method over the terms of the related leases. Expenditures for new properties and equipment and major renewals and betterments are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred and gains or losses on disposal of assets are reflected in current operations. Investments in Joint Ventures - Investments in joint ventures are accounted for by the equity method. Loans Orig