estment
Securities held for investment are carried at cost, adjusted for premiums and discounts that are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the period to maturity. Management has the intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. Gains and losses on sales are determined using the specific identification method.
Mortgage-Backed Securities Held for Investment
Mortgage-backed securities held for investment are stated at amortized cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts using a method that approximates level yield. Management has the intent and ability to hold these assets to maturity. Should any be sold, gains and losses will be recognized based on the specific identification method.
Mortgage-Backed Securities Held for Sale
Mortgage-backed securities which management may sell in response to market conditions or for other reasons are classified as held for sale. These securities are carried at the lower of cost or estimated market value in the aggregate at the balance sheet date. Net unrealized losses on such securities are recognized through a valuation allowance that is shown as a reduction in the carrying value of the related securities and as a corresponding charge to income. These securities are comprised of FHLMC collateralized mortgage obligations. The cost at December 31, 1993 was $14,020,790 and the market values of these securities were $13,946,511. Gross unrealized losses at December 31, 1993 were $74,279 and there were no gross unrealized gains at December 31, 1993. No sales of these securities have occurred in 1993; however, gains and losses realized on sales of these securities would be determined using the specific identification method.
SFAS No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, requires investments to be classified in three categories and accounted for as follows:
o Debt securities that the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturi