 and its Shareholders to suspend quarterly distributions to Shareholders until such time as the remaining Zero Coupon Notes are fully defeased and distributions can be supported from the available Funds from Operations of the Trust.
OTHER MATTERS
On January 8, 1993, the Trust sold its Royal Lane Business Park in Dallas, Texas. The sales price was $7,500,000, and the net proceeds of approximately $1,800,000, after reduction for the existing first mortgage loan and the related sales costs, were deposited into the Property Acquisition Account under the terms of the Zero Coupon Note Indenture. In 1992, Royal Lane contributed approximately $200,000 to the net cash flow of the Trust.
As discussed above, the Trust has suspended quarterly distributions to Shareholders until such time as the remaining Notes are fully defeased and distributions can be supported from the available Funds from Operations of the Trust. In the event that the Trust does not refinance its existing debt or raise additional equity capital, it is unlikely that the Trust will make any distributions to Shareholders during 1994. Distributions to Shareholders are charges against Shareholders' equity, and therefore, Shareholders' equity will continue to decrease due to distributions made and net losses incurred by the Trust. Distributions in excess of taxable net income, or to the extent of net loss, constitute a return of capital to Shareholders. For federal income tax purposes, the taxable portion of distributions is determined on a calendar year basis, and is computed based on actual distributions for the year. It is presently estimated that the entire amount of the distributions paid by the Trust in 1993 will constitute a return of capital.
Management has been notified of the possible existence of underground contamination at Tamarac Square, the Trust's Denver retail Property. The source of the possible contamination is apparently related to petroleum underground storage tanks located on an adjacent pro