ons or provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; c. A description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of which such material or information is necessary; and d. An explanation of this Agreement's claim review procedure, as set forth in Sections J5 and J6.
5. Review procedure. The purpose of the review procedure set forth in this subsection and subsection 6, following, is to provide a method by which a claimant under the Policy may have a reasonable opportunity to appeal a denial of claim for a full and fair review. To accomplish that purpose, the claimant or his/her duly authorized representative: a. May request a review upon written application to the Insurer; b. May review the Policy; and c. May submit issues and comments in writing.
A claimant, (or his/her duly authorized representative), shall request a review by filing a written application of review at any time within sixty (60) days after receipt by the claimant of written notice of the denial of the claim.
6. Decision on review. A decision on review of a denial of a claim shall be made in the following matter; a. The decision on review shall be made by the Insurer which may, at its discretion, hold a hearing on the denied claim. The Insurer shall make its decision promptly, unless special circumstances (such as the need to hold a hearing) require an extension of time for processing, in which case a decision shall be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than on hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of the request for review. b. The decision on review shall be in writing and shall include specific reasons for the decision, written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, and specific references to the pertinent Policy provision or provision of this Agreement on which the decision is based.
Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or the Policy, no Employee, assignee or beneficiary may commen