equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993 and the related financial statement schedules. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of Unocal Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above, which appear on pages 29 through 51 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Unocal Corporation and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information required to be included therein.
As discussed in Notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, Unocal Corporation and its subsidiaries changed their method of accounting for income taxes in 1992 and for postretirement benefits other than pensions and for postemployment benefits in 1993.
/s/ COOPERS & LYBRAND
COOPERS & LYBRAND Los