ses. Subsequent write downs to reflect declines in fair value minus the estimated costs to sell are charged to operating expenses through the establishment of a valuation allowance. Any improvement in fair value is reflected by a decrease to the valuation allowance and a credit to income. Expenses incurred in maintaining assets are included in other operating expenses.
Trust Assets--Property held in fiduciary or agency capacities for First National's and York Bank's customers is not included in the consolidated statements of condition since such assets are not assets of the banks.
Statement of Cash Flows--For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash equivalents include cash and due from banks and interest bearing deposits in other banks of $406,000, $20,100,000 and $7,812,000 at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively, which are included in money market investments in the consolidated statements of condition.
Servicing Income From Securitized Assets--Servicing income from securitized assets represents the financial spread (between finance charges and other charges earned on such assets and the pass-through rate due to investors) retained as seller/servicer reduced by estimated credit losses chargeable against such spread.
Reclassifications--Certain amounts in the 1991 and 1992 consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform with the 1993 presentation. Consistent with regulatory guidance on the reporting of in- substance foreclosures and the recently issued (but not yet adopted) Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan," the Corporation no longer reports loans as in-substance foreclosures unless the Corporation has possession of the collateral. In- substance foreclosures and the related valuation allowances were reclassified to the loan portfolio and the allowance for credit losses, respectively, in the 1992 consolidated statement of condition. In addition, provisions for in- subst