ect the option which from time to time provides the lowest cost. Management believes that the migration from transportation to sales tariffs by these customers was primarily due to the fact that, in 1993, Northwest Natural's industrial sales tariffs have been lower than the cost to these customers of purchasing and shipping their own gas. The increase in revenue attributable to this migration was offset by an increase in the cost of gas, since transportation rate schedules are designed to provide the same margin as industrial sales tariffs and thus had little effect on the Company's income from operations.
Industrial sales and transportation deliveries remained relatively stable during 1992 and 1991, at 686 million therms in 1992 compared to 670 million therms in 1991. Related revenues were $57 million in 1992, essentially unchanged from 1991. Transportation revenues decreased $3.9 million between these two years, although related volumes remained relatively stable, primarily due to rate reductions in certain transportation tariffs. Unbilled revenues are a recognition of revenues for all gas consumption through the end of the month for all customers, regardless of the meter reading date, in order to better match revenues with associated purchased gas costs.
Other revenues are primarily related to regulatory balancing accounts (see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
The Company and most of its large industrial customers have entered into high-volume interruptible transportation agreements which are designed to provide rates competitive with "bypass" (direct connection to interstate pipelines) by applying fixed charges that vary with each customer's distance from pipeline facilities. These agreements prohibit bypass during their terms. However, management believes that, during the period 1994 to 1998 it might lose from four to six large industrial customers through bypass. In total, these customers represented approximately 10 percent of 1993 volumes, b