ngencies, such as potential cost overruns, equipment performance, and cost recovery in rates.
LITIGATION AND OTHER: In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved in various legal proceedings. The Company does not believe that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will have a material effect on its financial position.
The Company is guarantor as to 27% of a $75 million revolving credit agreement of AGC, which in 1993 was used by AGC solely as support for its indebtedness for commercial paper outstanding.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Board of Directors of The Potomac Edison Company
In our opinion, the financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The Potomac Edison Company (a subsidiary of Allegheny Power System, Inc.) at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
As discussed in Notes A, B and F to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes and postretirement benefits other than pe