ty-level managers have arranged for the removal, disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, certain environmental laws impose liability for release of asbestos- containing materials into the air, and third parties may seek recovery from the Trust for personal injury associated with such materials.
The Trust's management is not aware of any environmental liability relating to the above matters that would have a material adverse effect on the Trust's business, assets or results of operations.
Inflation
The effects of inflation on the Trust's operations are not quantifiable. Revenues from property operations fluctuate proportionately with increases and decreases in housing costs. Fluctuations in the rate of inflation also affect the sales values of properties and, correspondingly, the ultimate gains to be realized by the Trust from property sales. Inflation also has an effect on the Trust's earnings from short-term investments.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued)
Tax Matters
For the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, the Trust elected, and in the opinion of the Trust's management, qualified to be taxed as a Real Estate Investment Trust ("REIT") as defined under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). The Code requires a REIT to distribute at least 95% of its REIT taxable income plus 95% of its net income from foreclosure property, as defined in Section 857 of the Code, on an annual basis to shareholders.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") has recently issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 114 - "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan", which amends SFAS No. 5 - "Accounting for Contingencies" and SFAS No. 15 - "Accounting by Debtors and Creditors for Troubled Debt Restructurings." The statement requires that impaired loans be measured 