ompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to those investments where the Partnership's ownership interest is 50% or less, with the exception of the Partnership's investment in the Coto de Caza Joint Venture which is accounted for in accordance with the cost method of accounting, effective September 15, 1992 (Note 7).
Recognition of Profit from Sales of Real Estate
For sales of real estate, profit is recognized in full when the collecta- bility of the sales price is reasonably assured and the earnings process is virtually complete. When the sale does not meet the requirements for recognition of income, profit is deferred until such requirements are met. For sales of residential units, profit is recognized at the time of closing or if certain criteria are met, on the percentage-of-completion method.
Real Estate Inventories and Cost of Real Estate Revenues
Real estate inventories are carried at cost, including capitalized interest and property taxes, but not in excess of the net realizable value determined by the evaluation of individual projects. Management's evaluation of net realizable value is based on each projects' estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs of completion, holding and disposal. These estimates are reviewed periodically and compared to each project's recorded book value. Adjustments to book value, as they become necessary, are reported in the period in which they become known. The total cost of land, land development and common costs are apportioned among the projects on the relative sales value method. Costs pertaining to the Partnership's housing, homesite, and land and property revenues reflect the cost of the acquired assets as well as development costs, construction costs, capitalized interest, capitalized real estate taxes and capitalized overheads.
Certain marketing costs relating to housing projects, including exhibits and displays, and certain planning and other predevelopment activities,