ommission, the Company believes that the only persons who beneficially own more than five percent (5%) of the Common Stock the Common Stock of the Company are Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc. (5.7%), Selex (42.3%), and Antony Gram, through his holdings in Selex and Yasawa (46.7%).
Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc. ("Dimensional"), 1299 Ocean Avenue, 11th Floor, Santa Monica, California 90401, a registered investment advisor, is deemed to have beneficial ownership of 380,300 shares of the Company's Common Stock as of December 31, 1993, with sole dispositive power as to all of such shares and sole voting power as to 216,100 of such shares. All of such shares are held in portfolios of DFA Investment Dimensions Group Inc., a registered open-end investment company (the "Fund"), or in series of The DFA Investment Trust Company, a Delaware business trust, or the DFA Group Trust and the DFA Participating Group Trust, investment vehicles for qualified employee benefit plans, as to all of which Dimensional serves as investment manager. Dimensional disclaims beneficial ownership of all such shares. Persons who are officers of Dimensional also serve as officers of the Fund. In their capacity as officers of the Fund, these persons vote the 164,200 additional shares which are owned by the Fund.
All of the issued and outstanding stock of Selex, Gerrit Van Den Veenstraat 70, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is owned by Wilbury which is, in turn, owned by Messrs. Muyres and Gram. Antony Gram, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, as the largest shareholder of Wilbury, holding a seventy-four percent equity interest in that corporation, is treated as the beneficial owner of all of the Company's Common Stock held by Selex. In addition, Mr. Gram beneficially owns Yasawa. Since Yasawa is the direct owner of 289,637 shares of the Common Stock of the Company, Mr. Gram is deemed to be the beneficial owner of an aggregate of 3,109,703 shares of Common Stock of 