 M&S' business practices call for competitively priced customer executions. As a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (NASD), M&S provides its customers with the highest bid price on a customer's sell order and the lowest offer price on a customer's buy order available through the network of NASD member firms that are market makers. Customer trades exceeding certain sizes are executed on a negotiated basis.
M&S maintains inventories in Nasdaq securities on both a "long" and "short" basis. While long inventory positions represent M&S' ownership of securities, short inventory positions represent obligations of M&S to deliver specified securities at a contracted price, which may differ from market prices prevailing at the time of completion of the transaction. Accordingly, long or short inventory positions may result in gains or losses to M&S as market values of these securities fluctuate.
The securities brokerage industry is directly affected by
- 3 - THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
fluctuations in volumes and price levels of securities transactions generally, which are affected by many national and international economic and political factors that cannot be predicted, including broad trends in business and finance, legislation and regulation affecting the United States and international business and financial communities, currency values, and the level and volatility of interest rates. Sustained low volumes of retail investment activity or of securities transactions generally, particularly if accompanied by low securities prices, could substantially reduce the Company's transaction-based revenues and could lead to reduced margin account balances, thus reducing interest revenue as well. Shifts in customer investment vehicle preferences from individual equity securities to products that have lower commissions per transaction, such as mutual funds, could also reduce transaction-based revenues.
In connection with its information processing system