cash balances, together with the proceeds of an offering of 5 million shares of the Company's Common Stock anticipated to occur in the second quarter of 1994, income from operations, proceeds of receivables securitizations and borrowings under lines of credit will be sufficient to meet its working capital and capital investment needs through at least the next twelve months.
ASSET MANAGEMENT
Merisel attempts to manage its inventory position to maintain levels sufficient to achieve high product availability and same-day order fill rates. Inventory levels may vary from period to period, due in part to increases or decreases in sales levels, Merisel's practice of making large-volume purchases when it deems the terms of such purchases to be attractive and the addition of new manufacturers and products. The Company has negotiated agreements with many of its manufacturers which contain stock balancing and price protection provisions intended to reduce, in part, Merisel's risk of loss due to slow moving or obsolete inventory or manufacturer price reductions. In the event of a manufacturer price reduction, the Company generally receives a credit for products in inventory. In addition, the Company has the right to return a certain percentage of purchases, subject to certain limitations. Historically, price protection and stock return privileges as well as the Company's inventory management procedures have helped to reduce the risk of loss of carrying inventory.
The Company offers credit terms to qualifying customers and also sells on a prepay, credit card and cash-on-delivery basis. With respect to credit sales, the Company attempts to control its bad debt exposure through monitoring of customers' creditworthiness and, where practicable, through participation in credit associations that provide credit rating information about its customers. In certain foreign markets, the Company may elect to purchase credit insurance for certain accounts.
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT