and loan institutions, especially during periods of declining interest rates when those securities may yield higher rates than those offered by savings institutions.
Competition for loans comes principally from other savings institutions, commercial banks, mortgage companies, insurance companies and other institutional investors. In recent years, the Oklahoma market for financial institutions like Equity Bank has changed as a result of large out-of-state banks establishing operations in Oklahoma. The primary factors in competing for loans consist of interest rates, loan origination fees and other terms and services offered.
Currently, Oklahoma allows interstate banking only in limited cases involving the acquisition of failing institutions.
Regulatory Matters: ------------------
(a) Capital Compliance
The Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 ("FIRREA"), which became effective in August, 1989, significantly affects the business conducted by Equity Bank. The Office of Thrift Supervision ("OTS") is Equity Bank's primary regulator. Deposits in Equity Bank are insured by, the Savings Association Insurance Fund ("SAIF"), which is administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. The OTS has adopted regulations specifying capital standards for all savings institutions that are no less stringent than capital standards for national banks, and the standards under these regulations exceed those required by FIRREA. If Equity Bank should fail to meet any of its capital requirements, such failure could have a material adverse effect on Equity Bank, its operations and the Company. In addition, Equity Bank would be required to submit a capital plan to the OTS to demonstrate the manner in which Equity Bank will come into capital compliance
and would also be subject to various operating restrictions on its business activities which could have a substantial impact on Equity B