 on the complaint. Kranz and IMG appealed the judgement in favor of the individual defendants and the judgement was affirmed. The corporate defendants have filed a motion for entry of judgment against Kranz and IMG and requesting damages and attorney's fees.
Joseph Roma vs. I.R.E. Advisors Series 29, Corp., et al., in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, County Department, Chancery Division, Case No. 91CH2429. - This action was filed as a class action during March 1991. The action, brought on behalf of investors in I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 29 ("Series 29"), alleged fraud and fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary duty, negligent misrepresentation and violations of the Blue Sky Laws by defendants relating to their promotion, marketing, control and management of Series 29, a public limited partnership. The action sought rescission of the investments, contracts and agreements relating to investments in Series 29, damages in an unstated amount and other relief as the court deemed appropriate. This action was dismissed by the court. Plaintiffs appealed such dismissal and in February 1994, the Appellate Court affirmed the dismissal as in favor of all defendants.
John F. Weaver, Trustee for the Bankruptcy Estate of Milton A. Turner vs. I.R.E. Real Estate Investments, Inc., in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee, Case No. 3-89-01210. - On July 25, 1991, an action was filed by John Weaver alleging that the conveyance of Turner's equity of $1,642,001 under a wrap note to I.R.E. Real Estate Investments, Inc. (successor to I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 23) in connection with the sale of property by Series 23 to Turner was a fraudulent conveyance, as defined, in that Turner conveyed an asset, namely the cancellation of a wrap note and wrap trust, without fair consideration while insolvent. The trial on the complaint to avoid fraudulent conveyance was heard before the Bankruptcy Court in May 1993. Judgment was