s and customer considerations, the proportion of TiO2 industry sales represented by chloride process pigments has increased relative to sulfate process pigments. Approximately two-thirds of Kronos' current production capacity is based on an efficient chloride process technology.
Kronos produced approximately 352,000 metric tons of TiO2 in 1993, compared to approximately 358,000 metric tons in 1992 and 293,000 metric tons in 1991. The increase in production during 1992 was primarily at Kronos' chloride process
- 2 - plants, including the plant in Lake Charles, Louisiana. Kronos achieved record production levels of chloride process pigments in 1992 through improved operational efficiencies. In response to weakened demand, production rates were reduced in late 1992 and during 1993 in order to reduce inventory levels. Kronos believes its annual attainable production capacity is approximately 380,000 metric tons, including its one- half interest in the Louisiana plant.
The primary raw materials used in the TiO2 chloride production process are chlorine, coke and titanium-containing feedstock derived from beach sand ilmenite and rutile. Chlorine and coke are available from a number of suppliers. Titanium-containing feedstock suitable for use in the chloride process is available from a limited number of suppliers around the world, principally in Australia, Africa, India and the United States. Kronos purchases slag refined from beach sand ilmenite from Richards Bay Iron and Titanium (Proprietary) Ltd. (South Africa), approximately 50% of which is owned by Q.I.T. Fer et Titane Inc. ("QIT"), an indirect subsidiary of RTZ Corp. Natural rutile ore is purchased from a number of sources.
The primary raw materials used in the TiO2 sulfate production process are sulfuric acid and titanium-containing feedstock derived primarily from rock and beach sand ilmenite. Sulfuric acid is available from a number of suppliers. Titanium-containing feedstock suitable for use in the sulfate proces