notes receivable and properties held for sale to the extent that the investment in the notes or properties exceeds the Trust's estimate of net realizable value of the property or collateral securing each such note, or fair value of the collateral if foreclosure is probable. In estimating net realizable value, consideration is given to the current estimated collateral or property value adjusted for costs to complete or improve, hold and dispose. The cost of funds, one of the criteria used in the calculation of estimated net realizable value (approximately 5.4% and 5.5% as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively), is based on the average cost of all capital. The provision for losses is based on estimates, and actual losses may vary from current estimates. Such estimates are reviewed periodically and any additional provision determined to be necessary is charged against earnings in the period in which it becomes reasonably estimable.
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
Foreclosed real estate held for sale. Foreclosed real estate is initially recorded at new cost, defined as the lower of original cost or fair value minus estimated costs of sale. After foreclosure, the excess of new cost, if any, over fair value minus estimated costs of sale is recognized in a valuation allowance. Subsequent changes in fair value either increase or decrease such valuation allowance. See "Allowance for estimated losses" above. Properties held for sale are depreciated in accordance with the Trust's established depreciation policies. See "Real estate and depreciation" below.
Annually, all foreclosed properties held for sale are reviewed by the Trust's management and a determination is made if the held for sale classification remains appropriate. The following are among the factors considered in determining that a change in classification to held for investment is appropriate: (