s in this market.
Advanced research has historically been a major market for computers of all types and represents an important market for the Company. Examples of applications in this market include medical research and high-definition television development. Customers include academic institutions such as the University of London Computing Center, Delft University of Technology, and Universite Catholique de Louvain, government laboratories, research institutes and research departments of large corporations such as Sony. Approximately 19% of the Convex installed base as of December 31, 1993 is in advanced research.
Data Management is a growing market where computers are used as a server to manage, store, archive, and retrieve data. In these applications, computer platforms are integrated with high performance software and peripherals, including RAID disk technology, tape robots, and multiple network connections. Demand for these applications comes from the other segments served by the Company and include customers such as Mobil Exploration and Production Services Inc., the University of London Computing Centre, the Centre for Scientific Computing (Helsinki, Finland), and the Numerical Aerodynamic Simulation Systems Division at NASA Ames Research Center. Approximately 2% of the Convex installed base is in this market, but it represented approximately 17% of the 1993 installations.
Emerging markets represent new applications and market opportunities for Convex products. New uses for Convex supercomputers include environmental research, oceanographic studies, linear programming, pipeline management, construction, real-time simulation and visualization. Customers in this market include the Danish Meteorological Institute, METEO, and DKRZ, the German Climate Computer Center. Approximately seven percent of the Convex installed base is in emerging markets.
HARDWARE PLATFORMS
Convex currently offers the C3 Series of 20 compatible and expandable supercomputers, as well as a