 or higher shall be a participant in the Plan.
3. Definitions: A. Average Compensation - shall mean 12 times the highest average monthly earnings (including overtime and other salary payments actually earned, whether or not payment thereof is deferred) for any 36 consecutive months.
B. Committee - shall mean the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors of Allegheny Power System, Inc. C. Effective Date - shall mean July 1, 1990. D. Participant - shall mean an employee who meets the eligibility requirements of Section 2. Retired Participant shall mean a Participant who has retired from service after at least 10 years of service with one or more Companies and on or after his/her 55th birthday. E. Plan Year - shall mean the 12-month period on which the fiscal records of the Plan are kept, which is now the period from July 1st to June 30th. F. Predecessor Plan - shall mean the Allegheny Power System Supplemental Executive Retirement Plans effective July 1, 1982 and July 1, 1988. G. Supplemental Retirement Benefit Reduction - shall mean the retirement benefit payable to the Participant under the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan excluding any increases in this benefit which become effective after the Participant has retired. H. Years of Service - shall mean the Participant's Years of Service, and fractional parts thereof, as computed under the terms of the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan.
4. Supplemental Retirement Benefits: A. Eligibility for Benefits - A Participant shall be eligible for a benefit from this Plan only (a) if he/she has at least 10 Years of Service with one or more of the Companies and (b) on or after his/her 55th birthday: provided that, if a Participant is discharged from employment for cause or terminates employment with the Companies prior to retirement under the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan for any reason whatsoever, other than death, such eligibility will terminate and no benefit shall be payable to such Participant from thi