by the Trust of any mortgage loan.
Under each of the advisory agreements, the advisor or an affiliate of the advisor is also to receive a mortgage brokerage and equity refinancing fee for obtaining loans to the Trust or refinancing on Trust properties equal to the lesser of (i) 1% of the amount of the loan or the amount refinanced or (ii) a brokerage or refinancing fee which is reasonable and fair under the circumstances; provided, however, that no such fee shall be paid on loans from the advisor or an affiliate of the advisor without the approval of the Trust's Board of Trustees. No fee shall be paid on loan extensions.
Under each of the advisory agreements, the advisor is to receive reimbursement of certain expenses incurred by it in the performance of advisory services to the Trust.
Under each of the advisory agreements (as required by the Trust's Declaration of Trust) all or a portion of the annual advisory fee must be refunded by the advisor to the Trust if the Operating Expenses of the Trust (as defined in the Trust's Declaration of Trust) exceed certain limits specified in the Declaration of Trust based on the book value, net asset value and net income of the Trust during such fiscal year. The operating expenses of the Trust did not exceed such limitation in 1991, 1992 or 1993.
Additionally, if the Trust were to request that the advisor render services to the Trust other than those required by the advisory agreements, the advisor or an affiliate of the advisor will be separately compensated for such additional services on terms to be agreed upon from time to time. As discussed in NOTE 9. "PROPERTY MANAGEMENT", the Trust has hired Carmel Realty Services, Ltd. ("Carmel, Ltd."), an affiliate of BCM, to provide property management services for the Trust's properties and, as discussed in NOTE 10. "REAL ESTATE BROKERAGE", the Trust has engaged, on a non-exclusive basis, Carmel Realty, Inc. ("Carmel Realty"), also an affiliate of BCM, to perform brokerage services f