d pursuant to the terms of the Annual Incentive Plan and the Long-Term Plan, and any rights to exercise the vested portion of the stock purchase rights under Section 5b iv., v. and vi.
If the Executive's employment with the Company is terminated on account of the Executive's death or permanent disability, then except for (i) the cash payments provided by Section 5b iv. and 5c of this Agreement, (ii) any payments earned pursuant to the terms of the Annual Incentive Plan and the Long-Term Plan and (iii) the rights of the Executive or his legal representative to exercise the vested portion of the stock purchase rights granted to the Executive under Sections 5b iv., v. and vi., payment to the Executive or the Executive's estate will be made exclusively under the Company's applicable death or disability plans or policies.
In the event that the Executive's employment is terminated during the Employment Period for Cause, then the Executive shall not be entitled to receive any severance allowance or compensation of any kind (except (i) incentive compensation which may have been fully earned pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Annual Incentive Plan and/or the Long-Term Plan and (ii) the cash payment due under Section 5b iv. and (iii) the rights of the Executive or his legal representative to exercise the vested portion of the stock purchase rights granted to the Executive under Sections 5b iv., v. and vi.) nor continue to be entitled to any of the Company's employee benefits, including any benefits provided in this Agreement or under the Company's medical, dental, health and life insurance plans (except to the extent the same may be required by law), or to perquisites of any kind, from and after the date upon which the Executive's employment is terminated. For the purposes of this section and any other provision of this Agreement, termination of the Executive's employment shall be deemed to have been for Cause only if:
a. termination of his employment shall have been