ds the Federal Power Act to permit the FERC to order, under specified circumstances, access to transmission systems (including those of the System) so long as it would not unreasonably impair reliability nor adversely affect its existing wholesale, retail and transmission customers. It also amends PURPA to encourage states to study and regulate various matters, including the capital structures of EWGs, integrated resource planning, and the amount of purchased power that electric utilities should have in their generation mix. EPACT also sets forth waste disposal standards, new nuclear licensing procedures, and contains provisions promoting alternate transportation fuels, research on environmental issues, and increased energy from renewables (See discussion of EPACT in ITEM 1. BUSINESS, SALES and ELECTRIC FACILITIES).
- 29 -
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 712 of EPACT, the Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia commissions issued orders regarding four broad economic and regulatory policy issues related to the purchase of wholesale power. All of the commissions decided to evaluate these issues on a case- by-case basis or within their existing regulatory framework, instead of establishing generic standards.
On January 24, 1994, the Maryland PSC issued an order which instituted a proceeding for the purpose of determining whether to implement standards which, under EPACT, a state commission must consider in order to encourage integrated resource planning and investments in conservation and energy efficiency by electric utilities. The order provides for the filing of initial and reply comments and for a hearing on May 3, 1994. Potomac Edison intervened and will be submitting comments in this proceeding.
Under EPACT, the FERC has initiated several proceedings, one of the most significant being the request for comments on transmission pricing, including pricing as it may apply to parallel power flows. The Operating Subsidiaries have developed and 