Item 1. Business
General
McDonnell Douglas Finance Corporation and its subsidiaries (the "Company") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of McDonnell Douglas Financial Services Corporation ("MDFS"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of McDonnell Douglas Corporation ("MDC").
The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1968 and originally financed only MDC manufactured commercial jet transport aircraft. While this continues to represent a significant portion of the Company's business, the Company also provides a diversified range of financing including loans, finance leases and operating leases, primarily involving equipment for commercial and industrial customers. At December 31, 1993, the Company had approximately 110 employees.
Beginning in 1990, as a result of the lowering of the Company's credit ratings, capital constraints imposed by MDC, the recession and the failure of most of its non-core businesses to achieve a satisfactory return, the Company significantly scaled back its operations and focused its new business efforts almost entirely within its two core business units, commercial aircraft financing and commercial equipment leasing ("CEL"), businesses in which the Company historically has achieved satisfactory returns. For the five years ended 1993, the core businesses earned $262.0 million or 133% of the total net earnings of the Company, excluding the 1989 cumulative effect of change in accounting principle. In 1991, the Company determined to exit each of its non-core businesses as market conditions permitted.
The Company now operates in three segments: commercial aircraft financing, CEL and non-core businesses. Non-core businesses represent market segments in which the Company is no longer active. The non-core businesses consist primarily of the remaining assets of three business units: McDonnell Douglas Bank Limited ("MD Bank"), receivable inventory financing ("RIF") and real estate financing ("RE"). Non-core new business volume in 1993 and 1992 represent previous cont