sing, heat treat leveler, and baghouse dust recycling plant at the Company's Oregon Steel Division in 1993.
The Company's total capitalization at December 31, 1993 of $351.7 million consisted of $76.5 million in long-term debt and $275.2 million in stockholders' equity, for a long-term debt-to-capitalization ratio of .22 to 1. Net book value per share of common stock at December 31, 1993 was $14.23 per share versus $13.41 per share at December 31, 1992. The Company believes that anticipated needs for working capital and capital expenditures through 1994 will be met from existing cash balances, funds generated by operations, borrowings pursuant to the Company's revolving credit facility and short-term borrowing.
Impact of Inflation. Inflation can be expected to have an effect on many of the Company's operating costs and expenses. Due to worldwide competition in the steel industry, the Company may not be able to pass through such increased cost to its customers. Property, plant facilities and equipment purchased by the Company in prior years have been subject to inflation; consequently, current charges to depreciation are smaller than would be required if such assets were valued at replacement cost.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Stockholders and Directors of Oregon Steel Mills, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oregon Steel Mills, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards required that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatemen