nia Department of Corporations and, therefore, has no net capital requirements.
CSTC's capital requirement is established by the California Superintendent of Banks under the California Financial Code. The Code requires that CSTC's ratio of contributed capital, as defined, to accumulated deficit shall exceed 2.5 to 1. At December 31, 1993 the ratio of contributed capital to accumulated deficit was 2.8 to 1. If CSTC's capital declines, or if the Superintendent of Banks determines that additional capital is required for other reasons, CSC could be required to contribute additional capital to CSTC.
- 10 - THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The Company's corporate headquarters are located in a 28-story building at 101 Montgomery Street in San Francisco. The building contains approximately 295,000 square feet and is leased by Schwab under a term expiring in the year 2000. The current rental is approximately $8.6 million per year, subject to certain increases and obligations to pay certain operating expenses such as utilities, insurance and taxes. Schwab has three successive five-year options to renew the lease at the then market rental value. Schwab also leases space in other buildings for its San Francisco operations aggregating approximately 380,000 square feet at year-end 1993. M&S' headquarters are located in leased office space in Jersey City, New Jersey.
In 1992, the Company purchased land in the Phoenix area and in 1993 completed construction of a data center that is Schwab's centralized computer processing facility. The data center has approximately 105,000 square feet of floor space.
All of Schwab's branch offices and customer telephone service centers and M&S' branch offices are located in leased premises, generally with lease expiration dates five to ten years from inception.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The information required to be furnished pursuant to this item is set forth under the caption "Commitments, Contingent Liabilitie