l economic conditions, changes in interest rates and the availability of permanent mortgage financing which may render the acquisition, sale or refinancing of a property difficult or unattractive and which may make debt service burdensome, changes in real estate and zoning laws, increases in real estate taxes, federal or local economic or rent controls, floods, earthquakes and other acts of God and other factors beyond the control of the Trust or the Advisor. The illiquidity of real estate investments generally may impair the ability of the Trust to respond promptly to changing circumstances. The Trust's management believes that such risks are partially mitigated by the diversification by geographic region and property type of the Trust's real estate and mortgage notes receivable portfolios. However, to the extent new equity investments and mortgage lending are concentrated in any particular region, the advantages of geographic diversification may be mitigated.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The Trust's principal offices are located at One Turtle Creek, 3878 Oak Lawn Avenue, Suite 300, Dallas, Texas 75219. In the opinion of the
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
Trust's management, the Trust's offices are adequate for its present operations.
Details of the Trust's real estate and mortgage notes receivable portfolios at December 31, 1993, are set forth in Schedules XI and XII, respectively, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included at ITEM 8. "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA". The discussions set forth below under the headings "Real Estate" and "Mortgage Loans" provide certain summary information concerning the Trust's real estate and mortgage notes receivable portfolios.
The Trust's real estate portfolio consists of properties held for investment (which includes direct equity investments and partnerships) and properties held for sale, primarily obtained through foreclosure of mortgage notes receivable. The discussion set forth below under the heading "