 the rate and the volume of new loans. Fluctuations in income from tax certificates and other investment securities will occur based on the amount invested during the period and interest rate levels yielded by such securities. BankAtlantic's net interest spread will fluctuate in response to interest rate changes. because BankAtlantic's cost of funds responds more quickly to changes in interest rates than does its income from loans and investments Like many savings institutions, BankAtlantic's interest rate sensitive liabilities (generally, deposits with maturities of one year or less) has in the past exceeded its interest rate sensitive assets (assets which reprice based on an index or which have short term maturities). This imbalance is referred to as a negative interest rate sensitivity gap, and measures an institution's ability to adjust to changes in the general level of interest rates. The effect of the "mismatch" is that a rise in interest rates will have a negative impact on earnings as the cost of funds increases to a greater extent than the yield earned on interest-earning assets, while a decline in interest rates will have a positive impact on earnings. The larger the gap, whether positive or negative, the greater the impact of changing interest rates. One of BankAtlantic's long term objectives has been the reduction of its interest rate sensitivity gap. However, short-term strategies may differ from this objective in order to meet other objectives, such as compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. BankAtlantic has taken steps, when possible, to minimize its interest rate sensitivity gap. Such actions have included reducing fixed-rate mortgage loan production held in portfolio, purchasing shorter term and adjustable rate mortgage-backed securities and increasing its emphasis on the production of floating rate commercial business loans and commercial real estate loans which generally have a shorter duration and a higher yield than longer term fixe