ish and European insurance carriers, in AMOCO CHEMICAL COMPANY, et al, vs. CERTAIN UNDERWRITERS AT LLOYD'S OF LONDON, et al. In that case Amoco alleged that the defendant insurers wrongfully refused to pay for the defense and settlement of product liability lawsuits arising from Amoco Reinforced Plastics Company's manufacture of irrigation and sewer pipe in the 1970's. Judgment was entered for $36 million in compensatory damages and $377 million in punitive damages. The judgment is slightly lower than the jury verdicts that were previously reported by Amoco.
The defendants have filed motions for a new trial and a judgment notwithstanding the verdict with respect to the actual and punitive damages, respectively. Amoco is making filings in opposition to those motions. In addition, the judgment is subject to appeal by the
defendants. Accordingly, it is impossible at this time to predict the ultimate outcome of this case or its impact, if any, on the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Corporation.
Reference is made to the first paragraph of Item 14(b). Rubicon and Amoco Production and the Corporation have agreed to settle the case. Final settlement papers are expected to be signed in the near future, after which the case will be dismissed. The terms of the settlement are confidential, but the settlement is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Corporation.
Amoco has various other suits and claims pending against it among which are several class actions for substantial monetary damages which in Amoco's opinion are not meritorious. While it is impossible to estimate with certainty the ultimate legal and financial liability in respect to these other suits and claims, Amoco believes that the aggregate amount will not be material in relation to its consolidated financial position.
Item 4.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
No matters were submi