orders and reduced defense spending has resulted in a significant downsizing of MDC over the last several years.
MDC's most significant customer in its military aircraft and missiles, space, and electronic systems segments is the U.S. Government. In addition to the risks found in any business, companies engaged in supplying military and space equipment to the U.S. Government are subject to a number of other risks, including dependence on Congressional appropriations and annual administrative allotment of funds, general reductions in the U.S. defense budget, and changes in Government policies. Defense spending by the U.S. Government has declined and is likely to continue to decline. Further significant reductions in defense spending and a decision made by the U.S. Government to emphasize weapons research over production may have a material impact on MDC. The loss of a major program or a major reduction or stretch-out in one or more programs could have a material adverse impact on MDC's future revenues, earnings and cash flow. MDC also incurs risk if it enters into firm fixed-price contracts with the U.S. Government pursuant to which work is performed and paid for at a fixed amount without adjustment for actual costs experienced in connection with the contract. While this arrangement offers MDC opportunities for increased profits if costs are lower than expected, risk of loss due to increased cost is also borne by MDC. MDC, as a large defense contractor, is subject to many audits, reviews and investigations by the U.S. Government of its negotiation and performance of, accounting for, and general practices relating to U.S. Government contracts. An indictment of a contractor may result in suspension from eligibility for award of any new government contract, and a guilty plea or conviction may result in debarment from eligibility for awards. The U.S. Government may, in certain cases, also terminate existing contracts, recover damages, and impose other sanctions and penal