The settlement is being funded by one of the Partnership's insurers, subject to a reservation of rights. The amount of money, if any, which the insurance company may recover from the Partnership pursuant to its reservation of rights is uncertain.
On February 24, 1994, the Partnership was dismissed from the pending class action homeowner lawsuits pursuant to the class action settlement. In addition, the Partnership has been informed that Disney and an insurer have reached agreements to settle five of the individual homeowner actions which were tendered by the Partnership to Disney ("Disney Settlements"). These Disney Settlements will be funded without any contribution from the Partnership. The Partnership can give no assurance that the Disney settlements will be finalized.
As noted above, those homeowners who affirmatively rejected the offer of settlement may continue to litigate. The Partnership is currently a defendant in eleven lawsuits brought by condominium and patio homeowners, all of whom have declined to accept the terms of the class action settlement. These lawsuits, involving nineteen named individuals, are pending in the Circuit Court of Dade County. In these lawsuits, plaintiffs allege a variety of claims involving, among other things, breach of warranty, negligence and building code violations. The Partnership intends to vigorously defend itself in these matters.
The Partnership has resolved a claim for construction related damages brought by the Villages of Country Walk Homeowners' Association, Inc., among others. Two of the Partnership's insurance carriers funded a settlement in the amount of $2,740,000 to resolve claims related to the construction of the common elements of the condominium units at Country Walk. One of the insurance carriers has issued a reservation of rights in connection with these claims and the extent to which that insurance company may ultimately recover any of these proceeds from the Partnership is unknown.
On April 19, 1993, a s