ne) apartment complexes, located in Riverside (Los Angeles), California.
Certain of the above properties are held subject to various mortgages.
In the opinion of the General Partner, the Registrant has provided for adequate insurance coverage for its real estate investment properties.
See Notes to Financial Statements for other information regarding real property investments.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
(a) Williams proposed class action
In February 1990, a proposed class-action complaint was filed, Paul Williams and Beverly Kennedy, et al. vs. Balcor Pension Investors, et al., Case No.: 90-C-0726 (U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois) against the Registrant, the General Partner, The Balcor Company, Shearson Lehman Hutton, Inc., American Express Company, other affiliates, and seven affiliated limited partnerships (the "Related Partnerships") as defendants. Several parties have since been joined as additional named plaintiffs. The complaint alleges that the defendants violated Federal securities laws with regard to the adequacy and accuracy of disclosure of information in respect of the offering of limited partnership interests of the Registrant and the Related Partnerships and also alleges breach of fiduciary duty, fraud, negligence and violations under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act. The complaint seeks compensatory and punitive damages. The defendants filed their answer, affirmative defenses and a counterclaim to the complaint. The defendants' counterclaim asserts claims of fraud and breach of warranty against plaintiffs, as well as a request for declaratory relief regarding certain defendants' rights under their partnership agreements to be indemnified for their expenses incurred in defending the litigation. The defendants seek to recover damages to their reputations and business as well as costs and attorneys' fees in defending against the claims brought by plaintiffs.
In May 1993, the Court issued an opinion and order