t risk as a result of the termination. As a result, the Company believes that there are adequate loss reserves relating to the assets for which the credit risk was assumed.
Regulatory Capital Compliance - At December 31, 1993 Equity Bank's regulatory core capital was $38.6 million or 7.7% of assets compared to the 3% minimum requirement. Tangible Capital was $34.8 million or 6.9% of assets compared to the 1.5% minimum requirement, and Risk-Based Capital was $41.4 million or 15.1% compared to the 8% requirement. Management believes that Equity Bank will be able to meet all applicable requirements of law and federal regulation under FIRREA, although there are no assurances that they will be able to do so.
Fully Phased-In Capital - FIRREA requires that Equity Bank meet progressively higher capital requirements each year until they are "fully phased-in" through December 31, 1994, except for certain assets for which the "phase-in" period has been extended through July, 1996. Equity Bank currently does and will, in the judgement of the Company, be able to meet applicable requirements of law and regulations relating to capital requirements as presently in effect and as the same become effective during the phase-in period under current law and regulations, although there are no assurances that Equity Bank will be able to so comply. At December 31, 1993, Equity Bank exceeded the current regulatory capital requirements and under the technical
definition and calculation of fully phased-in capital as prescribed by FIRREA, Equity Bank believes that it meets future capital standards as presently mandated by FIRREA.
The OTS has issued a final rule adding an interest rate risk component (IRR Component) to its risk-based capital rule. The final rule is effective January 1, 1994. The IRR component is a dollar amount that will be deducted from total capital for the purpose of calculating an institution's risk-based capital requirements. The IRR component is equal to one-half the diffe