ectively. The note matures on March 1, 1994 and bears interest at a rate of prime (6% at December 31, 1993) plus 1.25% per annum which is payable monthly. The Partnership is required to make repayments on the note in accordance with a homesite lot release provision of $72,750 per lot at closing. The Partnership is currently seeking an extension of this loan. However, there can be no assurance that the Partnership can obtain an extension. The operations of the venture required periodic cash advances from the partners. Since the fourth quarter of 1990, the Partnership has funded the venture's cash deficits in their entirety. As a result, during July 1992, the Partnership reached an agreement to purchase its joint venture partner's 50% interest in the Community. The Partnership was not required to make any cash payment to the joint venture partner for its interest. Instead, the purchase price of such interest is in the form of subordinated non-recourse promissory notes (the "Notes"), the payment of which is solely contingent upon the ultimate net cash flow generated by the joint venture. The Notes are subordinated to the repayment of the outstanding first mortgage loan and certain advances, plus accrued interest thereon, made to the venture by the partners. To the extent the Partnership has funded 100% of the venture's cash deficits in the
ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P. (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED VENTURES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
past or advances new funds, the repayment of such advances, plus accrued interest thereon, is senior to the repayment of funds previously advanced by both partners. A portion of the cash flow remaining after payment of all senior indebtedness is to be applied annually against the principal and interest (at 10% per annum) owed on the Notes. This agreement was pursued as a more favorable alternative to the remedies included in the previously existing joint venture agreement for situations in which the partn