 general partners of American Standard Partners, the general partner of ASI Partners. Messrs. Schuchert, Nickell, Matelich and Wall share investment and voting power with respect to securities owned by ASI Partners. See "Certain Transactions and Relationships." Dr. Cyert, who was a director of Holding and the Company until December 1993, is a limited partner in one of the Kelso partnerships that has invested in ASI Partners.
(e) Out of such 18,824,900 shares, 18,000,000 shares represent shares of Common Stock owned by ASI Partners in which Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell, each a director of Holding, may be deemed to share beneficial ownership by virtue of their status as general partners of American Standard Partners, the general partner of ASI Partners.
ITEM 13.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS
Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell, directors of Holding and the Company, are Chairman and President, respectively, of Kelso & Companies, Inc. (the general partner of Kelso & Company, L.P.), and are general partners of American Standard Partners, the general partner of Kelso ASI Partners. Mr. Schuchert is also a member of the Management Development Committee (the compensation committee) of the Company's Board of Directors.
The Company pays Kelso an annual fee of $2.75 million for providing management consulting and advisory services, including those of Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell. The fee is reduced depending on the number of shares Kelso controls of Holding or the Company, with final termination when Kelso's ownership control falls below 20 percent.
The Company also has entered into a transaction with Kelso Insurance Services, Incorporated (an affiliate of Kelso) ("Kelso Insurance"), and American Telephone and Telegraph Company ("AT&T") pursuant to which the Company as well as other Kelso affiliated companies participates in a telecommunications network under which AT&T provides communications services to the group at a special lower tariff rate. In connection wit