re counterparts by some or all of the parties hereto, each of which counterparts shall be an original and all of which together shall constitute a single agreement.
16. Not a Novation. This Agreement constitutes a modification of the Loan Documents, and is not intended to and shall not terminate or extinguish any of the indebtedness or obligations under the Note, the Deed of Trust or any of the Other Loan Documents in such a manner as would constitute a novation of the original indebtedness or obligations under the Note, the Deed of Trust, or any of the Other Loan Documents, nor shall this Agreement affect or impair the priority of any liens created thereby, it being the intention of the parties hereto to carry forward all liens and security interests securing payment of the Note, which liens and interests are acknowledged by Borrower to be valid and subsisting against the Property, and any other collateral for the Loan.
17. Severability. If any term, covenant or provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, this Agreement shall, at Lender's option, be construed without such term, covenant or provision.
18. Construction. This Agreement has been negotiated at arms' length between persons knowledgeable in the matters dealt with herein. Each party has been represented by experienced and knowledgeable counsel. Accordingly, any rule of law or any other statutes, legal decisions or common law principles of similar effect that would require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against the party that has drafted it are of no application and are hereby expressly waived.
19. Further Assurances. Borrower shall execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered such assignments, agreements, partnership authorization and other documentation as Lender shall reasonably require to create, evidence and assure the modifications and agreements herein contained and the rights conferred upon the parties hereby.
\E