 cities arising from the Telephone Company's alleged breach of certain ordinances relating to the Telephone Company's use of, and work activities in, streets and other public ways. The cases are entitled City of Mesquite v. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, et al., and City of Harlingen and City of Brownsville v. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, et al., in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, and City of Port Arthur, et al., v. Southwestern Bell Telephone Company, et al., in the 136th Judicial District Court of Jefferson County, Texas. The City of Port Arthur action was certified as a class action on November 20, 1992. The certification order has been appealed by the Telephone Company. If the class certification is affirmed, the class could include approximately 110 Texas cities.
The ordinances provide for the payment of a percentage of the gross receipts received by the Telephone Company from the provision of certain services within the cities. While the particular claims of the cities vary, they all allege that the Telephone Company should have included revenues received from other services in calculating the compensation described in the ordinances. The cities have demanded general unspecified actual and exemplary damages or have not specifically alleged the amount of damages resulting from the gross receipts claims. The Telephone Company believes it has several meritorious defenses to the claims and intends to vigorously pursue these defenses. Although the outcomes of these cases are uncertain, the Telephone Company believes that it will either be successful on the merits of the cases or that any unfavorable result will not have a material impact on the financial results.
Item 8.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
Report of Independent Auditors
The Board of Directors Southwestern Bell Telephone Company
We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Southwestern Bell Telephone Company as of December 31, 1993 an