 none of which are represented by unions.
The union contract within the Automotive Product Business expired on August 1, 1990, and the employees within that business have continued to work without a contract. The employees did not strike in 1990 when their contract expired, and as of the date of this report, there are no indications that the employees are considering striking. There are no pending negotiations in connection with the expired union contract. The Company does not believe such employees will strike within the foreseeable future, but there are no assurances to that effect.
Research and Development - ------------------------
The Company spent approximately $788,000 in 1993, $684,000 in 1992, and $454,000 in 1991 on research and development relating to the development of new products or the improvement of existing products. All expenditures for research and development related to the development of new products and improvements are sponsored by the Company.
Environmental Compliance - ------------------------
The Company does not anticipate, based on facts presently known to the Company, that it will be required during 1994 to incur any material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities relating to its industrial businesses. However, a subsidiary of the Company in its Automotive Products Business has been notified that it is a potentially responsible party as a result of having been a generator of waste disposed of at the Mosley site (as defined in the first paragraph of Item 3 of this report). See Item 3 "Legal Proceedings" for a discussion of the Mosley site. In addition, a subsidiary of the Company in its Chemical Business has been notified that its chemical manufacturing facility located in El Dorado, Arkansas, has been placed into the Environmental Protection Agency's data based tracking system and that there has occurred certain releases of contaminates at it's El Dorado, Arkansas facility. See Item 2


Item 2. PROPERTIES - -----------