tretirement health care cost by approximately 4.7%. The assumed discount rate used in determining the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was 7.25%.
The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employer's Accounting for Postemployment Benefits" ("FAS 112") effective January 1, 1994. This standard covers the accounting for estimated costs of benefits provided to former or inactive employees before their retirement. The effect of the new standard will not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations or financial position.
NOTE 12. TAXES ON INCOME
Pretax earnings (loss) before extraordinary item are composed of the following (millions of dollars):
Provisions for income taxes (benefits) before extraordinary item are composed of the following (millions of dollars):
The Company and the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Appeals Office have concluded a tentative settlement of all contested adjustments to federal income tax returns filed for the years 1982 through 1984. The settlement is in the process of being finalized. The Company's federal income tax returns filed for the years 1985 through 1987 have been examined by the IRS, and the Company has received notice of proposed adjustments to the returns for each of those years. The Company currently is contesting certain of these adjustments with the IRS Appeals Office. Examinations of the Company's federal income tax returns for 1988, 1989 and 1990 are currently in progress. It is the opinion of management that adequate provisions for federal income taxes have been reflected in the consolidated financial statements.
The Company increased its deferred tax liability as a result of legislation enacted in 1993 increasing the Corporate federal income tax rate from 34% to 35% commencing in 1993.
Provisions for income taxes were different than the amount computed by applying the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to earnings before tax. The reasons for these differences ar