es the effect of the change in the method of estimating unbilled kilowatthour sales and revenues.
Revenues from the sale of electricity in 1993 were from the following types of customers in the proportions shown:
Total electricity sales for all three utilities in 1993 were 8,325 million kilowatthours (KWH), a 0.1% decrease from 1992 sales. The relatively low sales in 1993 reflect cooler weather, the slowing in the state economy and conservation efforts.
Approximately 10% of consolidated operating revenues of HECO and its subsidiaries was derived from the sale of electricity to various federal government agencies in 1993, 1992 and 1991. HECO's fifth largest customer, the Naval Base at Barbers Point, Oahu, is expected to be closed within the next four to five years. On March 8, 1994, President Clinton signed an Executive Order which mandates that each federal agency develop and implement a program with the intent of reducing energy consumption by 30% by the year 2005 to the extent that these measures are cost-effective. The 30% reductions will be measured relative to the agency's 1985 energy use. HECO is working with various Department of Defense installations to implement demand-side management programs which will help them achieve their energy reduction objectives. It is expected that several Department of Defense installations will sign a Basic Ordering Agreement under which HECO will implement the energy conservation projects. Neither HEI nor HECO management can predict with certainty the impact of President Clinton's Executive Order on the Company's or consolidated HECO's future results of operations.
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED ELECTRIC UTILITY OPERATING STATISTICS
* Sum of the peak demands on all islands served, noncoincident and nonintegrated. ** Includes the effect of the change in the method of estimating unbilled KWH sales and revenues. *** Excluding the effect of the change in the method of estimating unbilled KWH sales and revenues, losses and system uses would