tes to their other customers, the Companies have entered into a long- term power sales agreement with another utility. Currently, the Companies are selling 450,000 kW annually under this contract through December 31, 2005. The Companies have the option to reduce this commitment by 150,000 kW beginning June 1, 1996.
Research and Development
The Company participates in funding the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI), which was formed for the purpose of expanding electric research and development under the voluntary sponsorship of the nation's utility industry - public, private and cooperative. Its goal is to mutually benefit utilities and their customers by promoting the development of new and improved technologies to help the utility industry meet present and future electric energy needs in environmentally and economically acceptable ways. EPRI conducts research on all aspects of electric power production and use, including fuels, generating, delivery, energy management and conservation, environmental effects and energy analysis. The major portion of EPRI research and development projects is directed toward practical solutions and their applications to problems currently facing the electric utility industry. In 1993, approximately 93% of the Company's research and development expenditures were related to EPRI.
The Company also participates in various research and development efforts by sponsoring clean coal technology demonstration projects at Company-owned coal-fired units. These projects are designed to derive alternate ways of using coal that would otherwise be environmentally unacceptable. In addition to researching environmentally acceptable ways of burning coal, the Company is also researching technology which will produce ash waste with properties and characteristics different from present fly ash and bottom ash, with the initial goal of producing marketable products for use in agronomy applications.
Executive Officers
The executive officers are elected a