losing the Purchase Price will be approximately $92 million, which amount is estimated based upon estimates which cannot be definitively determined until the closing. Management of the Company has made estimates with respect to the variables which make up the Purchase Price. The Purchase Price will be affected by, among other things, the results of operations of and the fluctuation of interest rates between the date of this report and the closing. As a result,
the exact amount of the Purchase Price may be higher or lower depending on factors of the formula that can only be determined at time of closing of the sale of Equity Bank. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Purchase Price, as finally determined at the closing, is less than $92 million, the Company may, at its option, terminate the Acquisition Agreement.
The Company will use approximately $65.4 million, plus interest, of the Purchase Price to repay certain indebtedness the Company intends to incur to finance the purchase from Equity Bank of the Retained Corporations. In addition, it is anticipated that the Company will use approximately $18.9 million of the Purchase Price to purchase from Equity Bank the Retained Assets, which is the carrying value of the Retained Assets on the books of Equity Bank as of February 28, 1994. As of this date, the Company has made no decision if it will acquire any of the Other Loans. As of March 31, 1994, Equity Bank owned approximately $13.5 million of the Receivables, which if the closing occurs on or about June 30, 1994, the Company expects such to be less than $10 million as of the closing. On March 30, 1994, the Company entered into a $25 million accounts receivable financing line of credit with Bank IV Oklahoma, N.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of Fourth Financial, and expects to use borrowings under such line of credit to purchase the outstanding Receivables from Equity Bank at the closing. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of 