ble to conduct extensive interstate banking operations and thereby gain competitive advantages. In addition, an OTS regulation, which states that it preempts any state law purporting to address the subject of branching by a federal savings institution, generally allows federal savings institutions, including Northeast Savings, to branch freely throughout the United States to the extent allowed by federal statutes.
The Association is subject to the supervision and regulation of the OTS and, secondarily, the FDIC. During the year ended December 31, 1993, the Company and the Association were examined by both the OTS and FDIC. Management believes that these examinations were routine in nature and part of the normal supervisory examination process. Management is not aware of any current directive by either the OTS or the FDIC, specific to Northeast Federal Corp. or Northeast Savings that, if implemented, would have a significant material effect on the Company's liquidity, capital resources, or operations. The Association's deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Savings Association Insurance Fund (SAIF) which is administered by the FDIC, the successor agency to the FSLIC. Northeast Savings is further subject to regulations of the Federal Reserve Board with respect to reserves required to be maintained against deposits and certain other matters. For further discussion, see the Regulations section.
The Association underwent an OTS consumer compliance examination as of September 28, 1992. The OTS has a specialized group of examiners that focuses on consumer regulations, including non-discrimination regulations, such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act; the Truth- in- Lending Act and the Bank Secrecy Act. The consumer compliance examination revealed no significant items of concern.
In conjunction with the consumer compliance examination, a separate Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) evaluation and rating were provided. The CRA e