 the Company if the sale was not consummated within certain time limits and that the sale could not be consummated within those time limits. The amended complaints further allege that the defendants are liable for having violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act and Rule 10(b)-5 thereunder and having engaged in common law fraud. Based on management's current knowledge of the facts and circumstances surrounding the events alleged by plaintiffs as giving rise to their claims, the Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to these lawsuits and intends vigorously to defend against the allegations in the amended complaints. The parties have engaged in preliminary settlement negotiations; however, there can be no assurances that these discussions will be successfully concluded.
On September 2, 1993, a patent infringement complaint was filed against the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada captioned Steven P. Shearing v. The Cooper Companies, Inc. On or about that same day, the plaintiff filed twelve additional complaints, accusing at least fourteen other defendants of infringing the same patent. The patent in these suits covers a specific method of implanting an intraocular lens into the eye. Until February 1989, the Company manufactured intraocular lenses and ophthalmic instruments, but did not engage in the implantation of such lenses. Subsequent to February 1989, the Company was not involved in the manufacture, marketing or sale of intraocular lenses. The Company denies the material allegations of Shearing's complaint and will vigorously defend itself.
The Company is a defendant in more than 2,600 breast implant lawsuits pending in federal district courts and state courts, some of which purport to be class actions, relating to the mammary prosthesis (breast implant) business of its former wholly-owned subsidiaries, Aesthetech Corporation ('Aesthetech'), the manufacturer, and Natural Y Surgical Specialities, Inc. ('N