 to 35% of the institution's total assets. In addition, federally-chartered savings institutions have lending authority above the 35% limit for certain consumer loans such as home equity loans. In the past several years, Northeast Savings' consumer lending activities have been directed almost exclusively towards loans associated with deposit products, such as loans collateralized by deposit accounts and overdraft protection on checking accounts. However, beginning in late 1993, the Association also began offering equity lines of credit. The equity lines of credit provide for an interest rate that is 1 1/2% above the Wall Street Journal prime rate with a corresponding maximum lifetime interest rate cap of 14.9%. The rate is adjusted monthly, based on changes in the index. The equity line of credit remains open with a revolving feature for ten years and requires the payment of interest only during that time, after which the principal balance fully amortizes over a twenty year period. The maximum amount on these loans is $100,000 and the maximum combined loan-to-value ratio is 75%. In addition, the Association originates a small number of fixed rate, closed- end equity loans. The maximum amount on the fixed rate equity loans is also $100,000 and the maximum combined loan-to-value ratio is 75%.
Deposit account loans have no set repayment date, are collateralized by deposit accounts maintained at Northeast Savings, and provide for a rate of interest that is 3% above the rate on the deposit account collateralizing the loan. The overdraft protection associated with checking accounts is a revolving credit line which is currently limited to a maximum of $1,000 and is restricted to depositors who maintain a household deposit balance of at least $5,000 with Northeast Savings. This product carries an interest rate of 15.75%.
Consumer loans are approved in accordance with written, non-discriminatory underwriting guidelines established by the Board of Directors. Consumer loans we