iffs thereafter filed a second amended complaint in February 1993. which was also dismissed. Plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint which defendants answered in April 1993. Management intends to vigorously defend this action.
Martha Hess, et. al., on behalf of themselves and all others similarly situated, v. Gordon, Boula, Financial Concepts, Ltd., KFB Securities, Inc., et al. In the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois. On or about May 20, 1988, an individual investor filed the above referenced action against two individual defendants, who allegedly sold securities without being registered as securities brokers, two corporations organized and controlled by such individuals, and against approximately sixteen publicly offered limited partnerships, including two partnerships that the Company acquired the assets and liabilities of in the 1991 Exchange transaction, (the "predecessor partnerships") interests in which were sold by the individual and corporate defendants.
Plaintiff alleged that the sale of limited partnership interests in the predecessor partnerships (among other affiliated and unaffiliated partnerships) by persons and corporations not registered as securities brokers under the Illinois Securities Act constitutes a violation of such Act, and that the Plaintiff, and all others who purchased securities through the individual or corporate defendants, should be permitted to rescind their purchases and recover their principal plus 10% interest per year, less any amounts received. The predecessor partnerships' securities were properly registered in Illinois and the basis of the action relates solely to the alleged failure of the Broker Dealer to be properly registered.
In November 1988, Plaintiff's class action claims were dismissed by the Court. Amended complaints, including additional named plaintiffs, were filed subsequent to the dismissal of the class action claims. Motions to dismiss were filed on behalf of the predecessor partnerships and the other c