 compliance with both Phase I and Phase II of the CAAA. The Company is estimating amounts of approximately $400 million, which includes $122 million expended through 1993, depending upon the strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II. The mere possibility of new legislation which restricts or discourages carbon dioxide emissions, either through taxation or caps, further complicates the CAAA Phase II planning process. The remaining amount of this CAAA construction estimate, together with normal construction activity assures that continuing external financings will be required. In addition, the Company has additional capital requirements of debt maturities (see Note H to the financial statements).
Internal Cash Flows Internal generation of cash, consisting of cash flows from operations reduced by dividends, was about $69 million for 1993. A regulatory commission order has been received in West Virginia authorizing procedures to provide for current cash recovery of the carrying costs of CAAA expenditures in rates, albeit with a certain amount of lag. Based upon the authorization received and new rate cases planned in 1994 and early 1995, internal generation of cash can be expected to increase.
M-15
Materials and supplies, primarily fuel, constituted a significant source of cash in 1993 ($13 million). The five- year National Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement terminated on February 1, 1993. Coal inventories (fuel) as of December 31, 1992, were increased over 1991 amounts to provide an increased coal supply in the event of a strike. The union chose a strategy of selective shutdowns including mines that accounted for approximately 60% of the System's regular coal supply. The union signed a new five-year contract in December 1993. System coal inventory, which declined during the dispute, and which is somewhat lower than the seasonal norm, is considered adequate.
Financings During 1993 the Company issued $10.68 million of 6.25% tax-exempt solid waste disposal note