pean trailer production. Volumes were also down in all other European countries in which Transportation Products has operations, although at the end of 1993 sales and order trends were upward. Volume in Brazil was slightly higher. Original equipment sales volume in Europe was down 22%, and aftermarket business was down 10%. These declines affected both conventional and electronic products.
Operating income for Transportation Products in 1993 decreased 53% (50% excluding foreign exchange effects) to $41 million from $88 million in 1992, principally because of the lower sales and production volume and the inability to pass on material and labor cost increases in a very competitive, declining market. In response to reduced production levels, plant employment was reduced by 15%, the costs of which further depressed 1993 operating income. Those effects were partly offset by the favorable effects of cost improvements in manufacturing from Demand Flow implementa- tion and reduced operating expenses.
Despite the market downturn, significant progress was made during 1993 in obtaining market acceptance of electronically controlled air suspension systems for commercial vehicles and for antilock braking systems on trailers.
Backlog
Transportation Products' year-end 1993 order backlog of $185 million was 2% lower than the 1992 year-end backlog, excluding the effects of foreign exchange, as a result of the poor market conditions.
Financial Review
1993 Compared with 1992
The Company's financing and corporate costs were $363 million and $352 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively. The principal causes of the increase were effects of year-to-year changes in foreign exchange transaction gains and losses, higher minority interest, lower equity income, higher accretion expense on postretirement benefits, and lower miscellaneous income. Interest expense, which accounted for most of these costs, decreased primarily because of lower overall interest rates on new debt issued as part of the