TATEMENTS (continued)
The components of net postretirement benefit costs for 1993 and 1992 were as follows:
Note 20. Litigation
The Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") has challenged the application of certain foreign income taxes as credits against the Corporation's U.S. taxes that otherwise would have been payable for the years 1980 through 1982. On June 18, 1992, the IRS issued a statutory Notice of Deficiency for additional taxes in the amount of $466 million, plus interest, relating to those years. The Corporation has filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court contesting the IRS statutory Notice of Deficiency. A similar amount of additional taxes is expected to be claimed for years 1983 through 1985 based upon a subsequent IRS audit. Any claims for years subsequent to 1985 would not be as significant as those for prior years. The Corporation believes that the foreign income taxes have been reflected properly in its U.S. federal tax returns, and intends to contest the IRS claims. The Corporation is confident that it will prevail in the litigation. Consequently, this dispute is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Corporation.
Note 21. Other Contingencies and Commitments
At December 31, 1993, contingent liabilities of the Corporation included guarantees of $51 million on outstanding loans of others. The Corporation also has entered into various working capital maintenance agreements and pipeline throughput and deficiency contracts with affiliated companies. These agreements supported an estimated $15 million of affiliated company borrowings at December 31, 1993. The fair value of these guarantees and agreements is considered to be substantially less than the nominal amounts of the outstanding borrowings.
In the normal course of business, the Corporation has entered into contracts for the purchase of transportation capacity, materials and services over terms of up to 16 years. The remaining minimum payments required