ction and Backlog: - ----------------------
Most of the Environmental Control Business' production of the above- described products occurs on a specific order basis. The Company manufactures the units in many sizes, as required by the purchaser, to fit the space and capacity requirements of hotels, motels, schools, hospitals, apartment buildings, office buildings and other commercial or residential structures. As of December 31, 1993, the backlog of confirmed orders for the Environmental Control Business was approximately $17 million, as compared to approximately $13 million as of December 31, 1992. A customer generally has the right to cancel an order prior to the order being released to production. Past experience indicates that customers generally do not cancel orders after the Company receives them. As of December 31, 1993, the Company had released approximately $14 million of backlog orders in the Environmental Control Business to production, all of which are expected to be filled by December 31, 1994.
Distribution: ------------
The Environmental Control Business sells its products to mechanical contractors, original equipment manufacturers and distributors. The Company's sales to mechanical contractors primarily occur through independent manufacturer's representatives, who also represent complimentary product lines not manufactured by the Company. Original equipment manufacturers generally consist of other air conditioning and heating equipment manufacturers who resell under their own brand name the products purchased from the Environmental Control Business as a separate item in competition with the Company or as part of a package with other air conditioning-heating equipment products to form a total air conditioning system which they then sell to mechanical contractors or end-users for commercial application. Sales to original equipment manufacturers accounted for approximately 36.4% of the sales of the Environmental Control Business in 1993.
Construction Ind