ITEM 1. BUSINESS
(A) General Development of Business
The Company started business in 1848 and was incorporated 20 years later in 1864 under the laws of New York State as Downs & Co. Manufacturing Company. In 1869, the Company's name was changed to The Goulds Manufacturing Company and in 1926 the name was changed to Goulds Pumps, Incorporated. Effective December 31, 1984, the Company was reincorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware by virtue of a merger transaction.
Goulds Pumps, Incorporated designs, manufactures and services pumps, motors and accessories for industrial, agricultural, commercial and consumer markets. Industrial markets account for approximately 57 percent of the Company's sales. These include: chemical, petrochemical, refining, pulp and paper, utilities, mining and municipal, including waste water treatment systems. The remaining sales, representing approximately 43 percent of the Company's business, include pumps, motors and accessories for home water and sewage systems, agricultural irrigation and commercial uses.
1993 was a year in which the pump industry as a whole continued to be impacted by weak economic conditions and increased competitive pricing pressures. Goulds Pumps' 1993 sales were slightly below 1992 levels, and earnings for the year of $1.12 from continuing operations were 8.2% lower than last year's $1.22 from continuing operations, exclusive of 1992 restructuring charges ($.19 per share) and 7.7% above last year's $1.04 in earnings before the cumulative effect of the accounting changes. The decrease from 1992's $1.22 earnings level is attributable to a consolidated gross margin decline of nearly three percentage points caused by stiff price competition in key markets and lower fourth quarter sales at EPD due to the implementation of CATS II, a new systems- driven manufacturing process. These declines were partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative costs resulting from cost control measures and fa