ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Lubrizol was organized under the laws of Ohio in 1928. The company began business as a compounder of special-purpose lubricants, and in the early 1930's was among the first to commence research in the field of lubricant additives. Today, the company is a full service supplier of performance chemicals to diverse markets worldwide. These specialty chemical products are created through the application of advanced chemical, mechanical and biological technologies to enhance the performance and quality of the customer products in which they are used. The company develops, produces and sells chemical additives for transportation and industrial lubricants and functional fluids, fuel additives and diversified specialty chemical products.
Prior to December 1, 1992, the company also had a separately reportable Agribusiness segment. That segment included traditional operations which develop, produce and market planting seeds and specialty vegetable oils, and also included strategic biotechnology research and development. As described in Note 16 to the Financial Statements (included in the company's 1993 Annual Report to its shareholders and incorporated herein by reference) on December 1, 1992, the company transferred substantially all of its Agribusiness segment, other than the specialty vegetable oil operations, to Mycogen Corporation and a joint venture partnership formed with Mycogen. The transferred assets were related to the seed business activities of the company's former Agrigenetics Division. The Agribusiness assets and operations retained by the company are not reportable as a separate industry segment after 1992.
Financial information for the industry segments, prior to December 1, 1992, is contained in Note 14 to the Financial Statements and in the table of Operating Results by Business Segment contained in Management's Discussion and Analysis on page 29 of the 1993 Annual Report to shareholders which are incorporated herein by reference.
Specialty 