of DCL Capital Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DCL Incorporated. Mr. Constantin was actively engaged in marketing manufacturer leasing programs to computer and medical equipment manufacturers and in directing DCL Incorporated's IBM System/370 marketing activities. Prior to 1969, Mr. Constantin was employed by IBM as a data processing systems engineer for four years. Mr. Constantin is an individual general partner in four active partnerships and is an NASD registered principal. Mr. Constantin is the founder of PLI and the beneficial owner of all of the common stock of Phoenix American Incorporated.
PARITOSH K. CHOKSI, age 40, is Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and a Director of PLI. He has been associated with PLI since 1977. Mr. Choksi oversees the finance, accounting, information services and systems development departments of the General Partner and its Affiliates and oversees the structuring, planning and monitoring of the partnerships sponsored by the General Partner and its Affiliates. Mr. Choksi graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, India with a degree in Engineering. He holds an M.B.A. degree from the University of California, Berkeley.
GARY W. MARTINEZ, age 43, is Senior Vice President and a Director of PLI. He has been associated with PLI since 1976. He manages the Asset Management Department, which is responsible for lease and loan portfolio management. This includes credit analysis, contract terms, documentation and funding; remittance application, change processing and maintenance of customer accounts; customer service, invoicing, collection, settlements and litigation; negotiating lease renewals, extensions, sales and buyouts; and management information reporting. From 1973 to 1976, Mr. Martinez was a Loan Officer with Crocker National Bank, San Francisco. Prior to 1973, he was an Area Manager with Pennsylvania Life Insurance Company. Mr. Martinez is a graduate of California State University, Chic