tent with the provisions of this Agreement, the Employer covenants that it will not exercise its rights under the Collateral Assignment provisions of this Agreement in such a manner as to defeat the rights of the Employee or the policy beneficiary under this Agreement. Specifically, the Employer covenants that it will not surrender the Policy unless Part I of the Agreement has terminated as provided in Section F and there has been a default in Employee's obligation under Section G of this Part I. The Employer shall have possession of the Policy during the period that the Employer makes premium payments and until all such payments are repaid. The Employer shall make the Policy available to the Insurer in order to make any change desired by the Employee as to the designation of beneficiary or the selection of a settlement option, subject, however, to the Collateral Assignment provisions hereof.
D. Beneficiary Designation and Payment of Policy Proceeds The Employee shall be entitled to a death benefit from the Policy equal to one (1) times his base salary, excluding bonuses, until his retirement. At retirement, his death benefit shall increase to two (2) times salary for the next 12 months, then shall decrease by 20% of final salary each year until the earlier of the fifth anniversary of retirement or age 70, at which time it will be one (1) times salary.
The Employee shall have the right to name the Policy beneficiary. However, in the event of the Employee's death, the Employer shall have an interest in the Policy proceeds equal to the total Policy proceeds in excess of the amount due to the Employee pursuant to this Section above.
E. Procedure at Employee's Death Upon the death of the Employee while the policy and this Agreement are in force and subject to the provisions of Parts I and II hereof, the Employer shall promptly take all necessary steps, including rendering of such assistance as may reasonably be required by the Employee's beneficiary, to obtain payment f