fers health care and life insurance benefits which are subject to SFAS No. 106.
Life insurance benefits are fully paid by the Companies for qualified employees. Eligibility to receive postretirement coverage is limited to those employees who had participated in the plans and earned the right to postretirement benefits prior to January 1, 1991.
In 1988, CG&E and its subsidiaries recognized the actuarially determined accumulated benefit obligation for postretirement life insurance benefits earned by retirees. The accumulated benefit obligation for active employees is being amortized over 15 years, the employees' estimated remaining service lives. The accounting for postretirement life insurance benefits is not impacted by the adoption of SFAS No. 106.
Postretirement health care benefits are subject to deductibles, copayment provisions and other limitations. Retirees can participate in health care plans by paying 100% of the group coverage premium. Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 106, the cost of postretirement health care benefits was expensed by the Companies as paid. Beginning in 1993, the Companies began recognizing the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation over 20 years in accordance with SFAS No. 106. Currently, SFAS No. 106 health care costs are being expensed. The adoption of SFAS No. 106 did not have a material effect on results on operations.
The net periodic postretirement cost for the Companies' postretirement benefit plans for 1993 are presented below.
The Companies' accumulated postretirement benefit obligation and accrued postretirement benefit cost under the plans at December 31, 1993 are as follows:
The following assumptions were used to determine the accumulated postretirement benefits obligation:
Increasing the assumed medical care cost trend rates by one percentage point in each year would increase the estimated accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 1993 by $10.5 million and the net periodic postretirement cost b