two distributors in the U.S. of Sun Microsystem's products. Software products include business applications such as spreadsheets, word processing programs and desktop publishing and graphics packages, as well as a broad offering of operating systems, including local area network operating systems, advanced language and utility products. Hardware products offered by the Company include computer systems, printers, monitors, disk drives and other storage devices, modems and other connectivity products, plug-in boards and accessories. The ComputerLand Acquisition increased the Company's ability, through the ComputerLand Business, to distribute the product offerings of Apple, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard and IBM to the ComputerLand Business' franchisees and affiliates. See "--The Industry."
In addition to providing manufacturers access to one of the largest bases of computer resellers worldwide, the Company also offers manufacturers the opportunity to efficiently offer a number of special promotions, training programs and marketing services targeted to the needs of specific reseller groups. Merisel runs a variety of special promotions for manufacturers' products, ranging from price discounts and bundled purchase discounts to specialized computer reseller marketing programs, including the Vantage and Frequent Buyer Programs. These promotional programs are designed to encourage computer resellers to increase their
volume of purchases, motivate resellers to purchase within a limited time period and highlight specific manufacturers' products or promotion opportunities. Additionally, Merisel provides marketing consultation services for manufacturers' strategic marketing campaigns, as well as the opportunity to be included in Merisel-sponsored trade advertisements. Merisel employs marketing program specialists to work with designated manufacturers to develop and carry out marketing programs such as dealer commission programs, sales contests and other promotions. Merisel can also pr