to former employees after employment but before
- 23 - retirement. The Company expects to adopt SFAS No. 112 in the first quarter of 1994. Adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Company's consolidated cash flows provided by operating, investing and financing activities for each of the past three years are presented below.
During 1993, the Company's operations continued to use significant amounts of cash. TiO2 production rates were reduced in late 1992 and during 1993 in order to reduce inventory levels. The $30 million received from Tioxide in October 1993 related to the exchange of technologies, which is being recognized as a component of operating income over three years, favorably impacted 1993 cash flow from operating activities. Other relative changes in working capital items, which result principally from the timing of purchases, production and sales, also contributed to the comparative decrease in the Company's cash used by operating activities in 1993. The significant deterioration in the Company's cash flow from operating activities from 1991 to 1992 resulted primarily from the decline in earnings and the relative change in the Company's receivables, inventories and payables.
Cash provided by investing activities relates primarily to net sales of marketable securities in each period to fund debt repayments, capital expenditures and operations, and in 1993 includes $161 million net cash generated related to the formation of the manufacturing joint venture with Tioxide.
The Company's capital expenditures during the past three years include an aggregate of $204 million related to the completion of the Louisiana chloride process TiO2 plant and an aggregate of $57 million ($30 million in 1993) for the Company's ongoing environmental protection and compliance programs, including a Canadian waste acid neutralization facility, a Norw