n generating stations by using such supplier's pipeline and salt dome gas storage facility.
Many factors influence the availability and price of natural gas supplies for power plants including wellhead deliverability, storage and pipeline capacity, and the demand requirements of the end users. This demand is closely tied to the severity of the weather conditions in the region. Furthermore, pricing relative to other energy sources (i.e. fuel oil, coal, purchased power, etc.) will affect the demand for natural gas for power plants. Supplies of natural gas are expected to be adequate in 1994.
Pursuant to FERC and state regulations, gas supplies may be interrupted to power plants during periods of shortage. To the extent natural gas supplies may be disrupted, the System operating companies will use alternate sources of energy such as fuel oil.
Coal
AP&L has long-term contracts for the supply of low-sulfur coal for the White Bluff Steam Electric Generating Station and the Independence Steam Electric Station (which is owned 25% by MP&L). Coal for the White Bluff Station is supplied under a contract from a mine in the State of Wyoming. The coal contract provides for the delivery of sufficient coal to operate the White Bluff Station through approximately 2002. Coal for the Independence Station is also supplied under a contract from a mine in the State of Wyoming. Coal supplied under this contract is expected to meet the requirements of the Independence Station through at least 2014. GSU has a contract for a supply of low-sulfur Wyoming coal for Nelson Unit 6, which should be sufficient to satisfy the fuel requirements at Nelson Unit 6 through 2004. Cajun has advised GSU that it has contracts that should provide an adequate supply of coal until 1997 for the operation of Big Cajun 2, Unit 3 (which is operated by Cajun and of which GSU owns 42%).
Nuclear Fuel
Generally, the supply of fuel for nuclear generating units involves the mining and milling of uranium ore to produce a 