 of lead paint, and liability in personal injury actions against the City and the Housing Authority based on alleged lead poisoning of city residents (The City of New York, the New York City Housing Authority and the New York City Health and Hospitals Corp. v. Lead Industries Association, Inc., et al., No. 89-4617). In December 1991, the court granted the defendants' motion to dismiss claims alleging negligence and strict liability and denied the remainder of the motion. In January 1992, defendants appealed the denial. The Company has answered the remaining portions of the complaint denying all allegations of wrongdoing, and the case is in discovery. In December 1992, plaintiffs filed a motion to stay the claims of the City of New York and the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation pending resolution of the Housing Authority's claim. In May 1993, the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court affirmed the denial of the motion to dismiss plaintiffs' fraud, restitution, conspiracy and concert of action claims. In August 1993, the defendants' motion for leave to appeal was denied. Discovery is proceeding.
In March 1992, the Company was served with a complaint in Skipworth v.
- 11 - Sherwin-Williams Co., et al. (No. 92-3069), Court of Common Pleas, Philadelphia County. Plaintiffs are a minor and her legal guardians seeking damages from lead paint and pigment producers, the LIA, the PHA and the owners of the plaintiffs' premises for bodily injuries allegedly suffered by the minor from lead-based paint. Plaintiffs' counsel asserted that approximately 200 similar complaints would be served shortly, but no such complaints have yet been served. Defendants moved to dismiss various claims, but the court dismissed only the claim for loss of consortium. Defendants answered the complaint denying allegations of wrongdoing. The case is in discovery.
In August 1992, the Company was named as a defendant and served with an amended complaint in Jackson, et al. v. The Glidden Co., 