ing more than 75 foreign countries. Global distribution of products and services is accomplished through more than 290 subsidiary and affiliated companies engaged in various production, manufacturing, service, and marketing functions, and through foreign representatives serving the principal market areas of the world.
The Information by Geographic Area is included in Note P to Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 50-52.
Registrant's foreign operations are subject to the usual risks which may affect such operations. Such risks include unsettled political conditions in certain areas, exposure to possible expropriation or other governmental actions, operating in highly inflationary environments, and exchange control and currency problems.
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT AND PATENTS
Registrant's divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates conduct research and development activities in laboratories and test facilities within their particular fields for the purposes of improving existing products and developing new ones to meet the needs of their customers. In addition, research and development programs are directed toward development of new products and services for diversification or expansion. For the fiscal years ended October 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, Registrant spent $81.5 million, $11 million and $9.4 million, respectively, for research and development activities.
At December 1, 1993, Registrant and its subsidiaries and affiliates owned 1,536 patents and had pending 503 patent applications, covering various products and processes. They also were licensed under patents owned by others. Registrant does not consider that any patent or group of patents relating to a
particular product or process is of material importance when judged from the standpoint of Registrant's total business.
EMPLOYEES
As of October 31, 1993, Registrant had approximately 15,700 employees in the United States (a decrease of approximately 12% from October 31, 1992), of whom approximately 5,500 were members