r Practices Act and price fixing. The ultimate outcome of both these actions is uncertain at this time. Accordingly, no accrual for these contingencies has been made. The Partnership intends to defend its position vigorously.
On November 24, 1993, a class action suit was filed against one of the Partnerships and another cellular carrier alleging conspiracy to fix the price of cellular service in violation of state and federal antitrust laws. The plaintiffs are seeking substantial monetary damages and injunctive relief in excess of $100 million. The outcome of this matter is uncertain and, accordingly, the Partnership has not recorded an accrual. The Partnership intends to defend its position vigorously.
One of the Partnerships is a party to various other lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, based on a review of such litigation with legal counsel, any losses resulting from these actions are not expected to materially impact the financial condition of the Partnership.
Two of the Partnerships provide cellular service and sell cellular telephones to diversified groups of consumers within concentrated geographical areas. The general partner performs credit evaluations of the Partnerships' customers and generally does not require collateral. Receivables are generally due within 30 days. Credit losses related to customers have been within management's expectations.
One of the Partnerships purchases substantially all of its equipment from one supplier.
The General Partner of two of the Partnerships entered into agreements with an equipment vendor on behalf of the Partnerships to replace the Partnerships' cellular equipment with new cellular technology which will support both analog and digital voice transmissions.
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized