y Industry Segment is included in Note P to Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 50-52 and in Management's Discussion and Analysis on pages 12-20. This information includes sales and service revenues, operating profit or loss and identifiable assets attributable to each of Registrant's business segments for each of the past three fiscal years. This information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, notes and accountant's report appearing in Item 8 of this report.
OILFIELD SERVICES
Registrant's oilfield services segment supplies products and services essential to oil and gas exploration, drilling and production. These products and services include drilling fluid systems, rock bits, production tools, pipe coating and resource exploration services.
Drilling Fluid Systems and Related Services. M-I Drilling Fluids Company, a Texas general partnership in which Registrant has a 64% interest, provides a variety of drilling fluid systems and markets such fluids and related services for use in connection with drilling oil and gas wells. M-I markets drilling fluid systems and related services through its sales force to major domestic and international oil companies,
independent drilling operators and contractors and foreign government-owned companies. Through its Swaco Geolograph operations, M-I designs, builds and markets a broad line of detection and control equipment used during drilling, often in conjunction with the above described fluid systems, and shakers, desilters, degassers and centrifuges used to remove solids and gas prior to re- use of the fluids. Total net revenues for M-I were $398.6 million in 1993, $384.1 million in 1992 and $443.5 million in 1991.
Pipe Coating. Bredero Price, acquired in February 1993, provides pipe coating services for use both in on-shore and offshore pipelines, primarily in Europe and Asia.
Rock Bits. Registrant produces a full line of oilfield and mining rock bits which are marketed under the Secu