rities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD"), with 91 becoming registered securities representatives of the Bank's discount brokerage subsidiary and 21 becoming registered agents for the Bank.
In connection with the Elm acquisition, in which the Bank acquired 8 full-service branch facilities, the Bank added 73 full time equivalents, consisting of 60 full-time employees and 13 part-time employees.
COMPETITION
St. Paul Federal experiences substantial competition in attracting and retaining deposit accounts and in making mortgage and other loans. The primary factors in competing for deposit accounts are interest rates, the quality and range of financial services offered, convenience of office locations and office hours. Competition for deposit accounts comes primarily from other federally insured depository institutions such as other savings institutions, commercial banks and credit unions, money market funds and other investment alternatives. Additional competition for deposits comes from various types of corporate and government borrowers and insurance companies.
The primary factors in competing for loans are interest rates, loan origination fees, customer relationships, reputation, market presence and the quality and range of lending services offered. Competition for origination of first mortgage loans comes primarily from mortgage brokers, other savings institutions, mortgage banking firms, commercial banks, insurance companies and real estate investment trusts.
The OTS's statement of policy on branching by federally chartered savings institutions generally permits nationwide branching. However, nationwide branching is not permitted to the extent that it would result in formation of a multiple savings and loan holding company controlling savings institutions in more than one state. Generally, the formation of multi-state, multiple savings and loan holding companies is prohibited unless one of three exemptions exists. The first exemption authorizes a savings and loan holding compa