laws and regulations. Customers may seek damages for violations of state and Federal statutes and regulations governing lending practices, interest rates and other charges. Federal legislation preempts state interest rate ceilings on first mortgage loans and state laws which restrict various types of alternative residential real estate-secured receivables, except in those states which have specifically opted out of such preemption. Certain Federal and state statutes and regulations, among other things, require disclosure of the finance charges in terms of an annual percentage rate, make credit discrimination unlawful on a number of bases, require disclosure of a maximum rate of interest on variable or adjustable rate mortgage loans, and limit the types of security that may be taken in connection with non-purchase money consumer loans. Federal and state legislation in addition to that mentioned above has been, and from time to time may be, introduced which seeks to regulate the maximum interest rate and/or other charges on consumer finance receivables, including credit cards.
Associates National Bank (Delaware) (the "Bank"), is under the supervision of, and subject to examination by, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. In addition, the Bank is subject to the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). Associates Investment Corporation is regulated by the FDIC and the Utah Department of Financial Institutions. Areas subject to regulation by these agencies include capital adequacy, loans, deposits, consumer protection, the payment of dividends and other aspects of operations.
The insurance business is subject to detailed regulation, and premiums charged on certain lines of insurance are subject to limitation by state authorities. Most states in which insurance subsidiaries of First Capital are authorized to conduct business have enacted insurance holding company legislation pertaining to insuranc