ement with Tropicana Enterprises, the owner of certain properties related to Tropicana, and the Jaffe family regarding the use of the name "Tropicana" for the operation of a casino hotel in Atlantic City and in connection with the operation of a casino hotel in New York State (if gaming were to be authorized in New York State). Pursuant to such agreement, the Company has registered the name under the Lanham Act. Upon the occurrence of certain events, the right to use the name reverts to Tropicana Enterprises.
Ramada has licensed the Company to use the name "Ramada" in conjunction with the operation of Ramada Express, and will not use or permit the use of the name "Ramada" in Laughlin, Nevada by any other person or entity.
The following trademarks are important to the Company: Aztar, Trop, TropWorld, Trop Park, Tropicana, Tivoli Pier, TropWorld Casino and Entertainment Resort, Ramada Express and Express. There are no other trademarks the use of which is material to the conduct of the Company's business as a whole.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES - ------------------- TROPWORLD.
TropWorld is located on a 10-acre site in Atlantic City, New Jersey. In July 1993, the TropWorld building became wholly-owned by the Company upon the acquisition by the Company of the partnership interests in AREI and AGP. AREI owned a 99.9 percent general partnership interest in AGP, which acquired a substantial interest in TropWorld in a sale-leaseback transaction in 1984. Adamar owns the land on which the TropWorld facilities prior to a 1988 expansion are located, and Atlantic-Deauville owns the land under the expanded facilities.
TROPICANA.
Tropicana is located on a 34-acre site in Las Vegas, Nevada. Tropicana is owned by Tropicana Enterprises and is leased to HRN, which operates the casino and hotel under the lease ( the "Tropicana Lease") that expires in 2011. The Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Adamar of Nevada, owns a noncontrolling 50% general partnership interest in Tropic