lar franchise or special charter. Certain communities in areas served by the Consumers Water Subsidiaries have, from time to time, expressed an interest in acquiring the water utility serving those communities.
Environmental Regulation
The primary federal laws affecting the provision of water and wastewater treatment services by the Consumers Water Subsidiaries are the Clean Water Act (the CWA) and the Safe Drinking Water Act (the SDWA), and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA). These laws and regulations establish criteria and standards, including those for drinking water and for discharges into waters of the United States. States have the right to establish criteria and standards stricter than those established by the EPA, and some of the states in which the Consumers Water Subsidiaries operate have done so.
The CWA regulates the discharge of effluents from the drinking water and wastewater treatment processes into the lakes, rivers, streams, and ground water. Seven of the systems owned by the Consumers Water Subsidiaries generate water treatment precipitate from operating conventional filtration facilities used for producing drinking water. The water treatment precipitate is a combination of silt and chemicals used in the treatment process and chemicals removed from the raw water. For each of the seven facilities, the water treatment precipitate generated from the treatment facilities is disposed of either in a storage facility such as a lagoon owned by the subsidiary, an off-site facility not owned by the subsidiary, a State approved landfill, municipal sewer system or it is used for agricultural land application. Wastewater precipitate generated from small wastewater treatment facilities in Illinois is used as a solid additive. Additional capital expenditures and operating costs in connection with the management and ultimate disposal of effluent from water and wastewater facilities may be re