 lease, covering about 335 miles, expires in 2026, subject to an option to extend the lease for an additional 25 years at terms to be agreed upon.
NS' lines carry raw materials, intermediate products and finished goods primarily in the Southeast and Midwest and to and from the rest of the United States and parts of Canada. These lines also transport overseas freight through several Atlantic and Gulf Coast ports. Atlantic ports served by NS include: Norfolk, Va.; Morehead City, N.C.; Charleston, S.C.; Savannah and Brunswick, Ga.; and Jacksonville, Fl. Gulf Coast ports served include: Mobile, Al., and New Orleans, La.
The lines of NS' railroads reach most of the larger industrial and trading centers of the Southeast and Midwest, with the exception of those in central and southern Florida. Atlanta,
Birmingham, New Orleans, Memphis, St. Louis, Kansas City (Missouri), Chicago, Detroit, Cincinnati, Buffalo, Norfolk, Charleston, Savannah and Jacksonville are among the leading centers originating and terminating freight traffic on the system. In addition to serving other established centers, its lines reach many industries, mines (in western Virginia, eastern Kentucky and southern West Virginia) and businesses located in smaller communities in its service area. The traffic corridors carrying the heaviest volumes of freight include those from the Appalachian coal fields of Virginia, West Virginia and Kentucky to Norfolk and Sandusky, Oh.; Buffalo to Chicago and Kansas City; Chicago to Jacksonville (via Cincinnati, Chattanooga and Atlanta); and Washington, D.C./Hagerstown, Md., to New Orleans (via Atlanta and Birmingham).
Buffalo, Chicago, Hagerstown, Jacksonville, Kansas City, Memphis, New Orleans and St. Louis are major gateways for interterritorial system traffic.
MOTOR CARRIER OPERATIONS. NAVL's principal transportation activity is the domestic, irregular route common and contract carriage of used household goods and special commodities between points in the United States