uperior quality products at lower cost, adding significantly to the basic value of an Integrated Control System.
Strategic Alliances
Beloit Corporation
In 1990, Measurex and Beloit Corporation, agreed to expand and strengthen their 1987 strategic alliance. This cooperative agreement includes provisions for integrated marketing and sales of all Measurex paper industry products with Beloit's full line of pulp and paper machinery. Simultaneously executed was a seven-year "standstill" agreement between Measurex and Harnischfeger Industries, Inc., Beloit's parent company. Harnischfeger purchased 20 percent of Measurex's stock on the open market, the maximum allowed under the agreement.
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd.
In 1988, Measurex and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. (MHI) entered into an agreement whereby the two companies offered certain products and services to the pulp and papermaking industry of Asia. In 1991, MHI became a signatory to the Measurex/Beloit strategic alliance, and a full participant in that agreement. All Measurex products for the pulp and paper industry are now made available to MHI on the same basis as they are made to Beloit.
Siemens AG
In June 1993, Siemens AG, pulp and paper division, selected Measurex as its Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) for certain MXOpen products. Siemens will integrate these products with other Siemens products for their total turnkey pulp and paper automation projects.
Sales and Service
Measurex offers its systems, related products and services principally through its own worldwide marketing and service organization. This organization offers customers a broad range of on-site and on-call services including 24- hour-a-day, 365-days-a-year service contracts.
To support the Company's product line, Measurex has 47 regional sales offices and service centers which are located in 30 countries throughout the world. The Company has sold over 4,000 systems in 45 countries, primarily located in North America, Latin Ameri