f the charge for the Perry Unit 2 impairment in the earnings test. Additional preferred stock capability is expected to be restored in January 1995. If the Company were to issue additional debt at or prior to the time it issued preferred stock, the amount of preferred stock which would be issuable would be reduced.
To the extent that coverage requirements or market conditions restrict the Company's ability to issue desired amounts of first mortgage bonds or preferred stock, the Company may seek other methods of financing. Such financings could include the sale of common stock to Edison, or of such other types of securities as might be authorized by the PPUC which would not otherwise be sold and could result in annual interest charges and/or dividend requirements in excess of those that would otherwise be
incurred. In addition, the Company might, to the extent possible, reduce its expenditures for construction and other purposes.
Utility Regulation
The Company is subject to broad regulation as to rates and other matters by the PPUC. With respect to its wholesale and interstate electric operations and rates, the Company is subject to regulation, including regulation of its accounting policies and practices, by the FERC.
The Energy Policy Act of 1992 (1992 Act) amends portions of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, providing independent power producers and other nonregulated generating facilities easier entry into the electric generation markets. The 1992 Act also amends portions of the Federal Power Act, authorizing the FERC, under certain circumstances, to mandate access to utility-owned transmission facilities. The Company is currently unable to predict the ultimate effects on its operations resulting from this legislation.
The Company sells power to its wholesale customers under agreements which were accepted by the FERC in 1984. The agreements provide that the Company's wholesale customers will be charged the applicable prevailing retail electric rates