Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
9. Long-Term Debt (continued)
The agreement is secured by substantially all of the subsidiary s assets and capital stock. It requires the subsidiary to maintain certain financial ratios and contains other financial covenants, including working capital, fixed charge coverage and tangible net worth requirements and capital expenditure limitations. Payments to the parent company are limited to (i) the amount of income taxes that the subsidiary would pay if the subsidiary filed separate income tax returns, (ii) management and other fees required for reimbursement of reasonable costs and expenses, consistent with past practices and (iii) other payments to the parent company up to 25% or 50% of the cumulative net income of the subsidiary, depending on the capitalization ratio, as defined, of the subsidiary. As a result of the various restrictions under the agreement, net assets of the subsidiary of approximately $5.3 million cannot be transferred to the parent company.
Annual principal payments of the term loans began on June 30, 1992 starting at $4.8 million and escalate each year to a final payment of $5.5 million on March 31, 1997.
(B) The revolving loans are generally available to the Company, up to a maximum of $8 million, based on varying percentages of the carrying value of eligible assets available for collateral, as specified in the agreement. At December 31, 1993, the unused portion of available revolving loans amounted to $7.4 million.
The loan agreement requires the Company to maintain consolidated net worth, as defined, of not less than $6 million. The agreement also requires the Company to maintain consolidated working capital (excluding the assets and liabilities of Equity Bank and other subsidiaries not parties to the agreement and excluding amounts owed under this agreement) of not less than $9 million at the end of each fiscal quarter. The agreement provides for certain other restrictions which, among other t