ementation of the majority of its marketing program in the third quarter of 1993. The full benefits of the program could not be realized in 1993 and the Company was unable to secure financing in 1994 to meet its ongoing working capital requirements.
Inasmuch as funding is not presently available to the Company from external sources and, as stated in their Amendment, Selex, Yasawa and their affiliates have not determined whether they will provide any further funds to the Company, the Company is facing a severe cash shortfall. As a consequence of its liquidity position, the Company has defaulted on certain obligations, including its escrow obligations to the Division pursuant to the
Company's 1992 Consent Order, its obligation under its lease for its corporate offices and its obligation to make required interest payments under loans from Selex, Yasawa and their affiliates. Furthermore, the Company has not paid certain real estate taxes which aggregate approximately $1,549,000 as of August 31, 1994 and is also subject to certain pending litigation from former employees and others, which may adversely affect the financial condition of the Company. See "Legal Proceedings."
The Company is continuing to seek third parties to provide financing. As part of any such transaction, Selex, Yasawa and their affiliates have indicated that they are willing to sell or restructure all or a portion of their loans and Common Stock in the Company. They have also indicated that they are willing to sell their interests in the Company at a significant discount. Consummation of any such transaction may result in a change in control of the Company. There can be no assurance, however, that any such transaction will result or that any financing will be obtained. Accordingly, the Company's Board of Directors is also considering other appropriate action given the severity of the Company's liquidity position including but not limited to protection under federal bankruptcy laws. Alternatively, the 