90, Kansas and Texas intrastate telecommunications operations have been governed by alternative forms of regulation. The Telephone Company's interstate telecommunications operations in the five states are regulated by the FCC, using, since 1991, a price-cap methodology.
The Texas Public Utility Commission (TPUC) requires that certain ratemaking adjustments be made to the Telephone Company's reported earnings in order to compute earnings subject to sharing according to its regulatory plan. These adjustments, however, are not used in preparing the published financial statements. Similarly, other jurisdictions may require that adjustments be made to reported earnings in order to compute regulatory returns. As a result, differences may exist between the returns reported to these regulatory bodies and those computed from Telephone Company financial information included in the financial statements.
Following is a summary of significant regulatory proceedings.
Missouri Missouri has completed its fourth and final year under an incentive regulation plan (Missouri Plan), formed as part of a September 1989 agreement among the Missouri Public Service Commission (MPSC), Office of Public Counsel (OPC) and the Telephone Company. Under its terms, the Telephone Company was required to reduce annual revenues, effective October 1989, by approximately $82, and upgrade its network in Missouri between 1990 and 1997 at an estimated cost of $180. The Missouri Plan also provided for a sharing of earnings between the Telephone Company and its customers at certain rate-of-return thresholds.
Revenue sharing amounts for 1990 and 1991 were refunded to customers in June 1991 and June 1992, respectively, with no material impact on financial results. The Telephone Company was not required to share revenues for 1992, and expects that sharing for 1993, if any, will be minimal.
In October 1992, the Telephone Company, the MPSC staff and OPC filed separate recommendations to the MPSC concerning the succ