orm such procedure. As CooperSurgical develops products to be used in the performance of new medical procedures, it offers training to medical professionals in the performance of such procedures. CooperSurgical competes with a number of manufacturers in each of its niche markets, including larger manufacturers that have greater financial and personnel resources and sell a substantially larger number of product lines.
Healthcare Facilities. In most areas in which HGA operates, there are other psychiatric facilities that provide services comparable to those offered by HGA's facilities. Some of those facilities are owned by governmental organizations, not-for-profit organizations or investor-owned companies having substantially greater resources than HGA and, in some cases, tax-exempt status. Psychiatric facilities frequently draw patients from areas outside their immediate locale, therefore, HGA's psychiatric facilities compete with both local and distant facilities. In addition, psychiatric facilities also compete with psychiatric units in acute care hospitals. HGA's strategy is to develop high quality programs designed to target specific disorders and to retain a highly qualified professional staff.
BACKLOG
TCC does not consider backlog to be a material factor in its businesses.
SEASONALITY
HGA's psychiatric facilities experience a decline in occupancy rates during the summer months when school is not in session and during the year-end holiday season. No other material portion of TCC's businesses is seasonal.
COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS
Federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, do not currently have a material effect upon TCC's capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position.
WORKING CAPITAL
TCC's businesses have not required any material working capital arrangements in the past five years. In light of the substantial reduction in TCC's cas