n termination of any such lease that portion of the Net Profits Royalties relating thereto will be extinguished.
The Trust Agreement provides that Santa Fe may sell the Royalty Properties, subject to and burdened by the Royalty Interests, without the consent of the Holders. In addition, Santa Fe may, without the consent of the Holders, require the Trust to release up to $5 million of the Net Profit Royalties in any 12-month period (limited to $15 million in the aggregate for all sales prior to January 1, 2002) in connection with a sale of the Net Profits Properties provided that the Trust receives an amount equal to 90% of the net proceeds received by Santa Fe with respect to the Net Profits Properties so sold and such cash price represents the fair market value of such properties (which fair market value for sales in excess of $500,000 will be determined by independent appraisal). Such sales can be required of the Trust without regard to any dollar limitation on and after December 31, 2005. Any net sales proceeds paid to the Trust are distributable to Holders for the quarter in which such proceeds are received. Pursuant to the Trust Agreement, the Trust may not sell the Wasson ODC Royalty or the Wasson Willard Royalty without the consent of Santa Fe. Under the Trust Agreement, Santa Fe has a right of first refusal to purchase any of the Royalty Interests at fair market value, or if applicable the offered third-party price, prior to the Liquidation Date.
The Trust has no employees. Administrative functions of the Trust are performed by the Trustee.
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUST UNITS AND DEPOSITARY UNITS
The following information is subject to the detailed provisions of the Custodial Deposit Agreement entered into by Santa Fe, the Trustee, the Depositary and all holders from time to time of SPERs (the Deposit Agreement), which is an exhibit to this Form 10-K and is available upon request from the Trustee.
The functions of the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement are cu