tively.
Capacity and Reserves
The 1993 net maximum hourly demand on the Company of 690,000 kW (including 63,000 kW of firm power sales which extend through 2005 as discussed under "Competition") occurred on August 26, 1993. The seasonal capability of the Company on that day was 901,000 kW. Of that system capability, 23% was available to serve additional load, after giving effect to term power sales to other utilities. Based on existing capacity, the load forecast made in November 1993 and anticipated term power sales to other utilities, the capacity margins during the 1994-1998 period are expected to range from about 16% to 23%.
Regional Reliability
The Companies participate with 26 other electric companies operating in nine states in the East Central Area Reliability Coordination Agreement (ECAR), which was organized for the purpose of furthering the reliability of bulk power supply in the area through coordination of the planning and operation by the ECAR members of their bulk power supply facilities. The ECAR members have established principles and procedures regarding matters affecting the reliability of the bulk power supply within the ECAR region. Procedures have been adopted regarding: i) the evaluation and simulated testing of systems' performance; ii) the establishment of minimum levels of daily operating reserves; iii) the development of a program regarding emergency procedures during conditions of declining system frequency; and iv) the basis for uniform rating of generating equipment.
Competition
The Company competes with other utilities for intersystem bulk power sales and for sales to municipalities. The Company competes with suppliers of natural gas and other forms of energy in connection with its industrial and commercial sales and in the home climate control market, both with respect to new customers and conversions, and with all other suppliers of electricity. To date, there has been no substantial cogeneration by the Company's customers.
In an eff