lments from July through December, 1992. Interest on the deferred amounts was paid in July 1992. A similar agreement to defer payment of real estate taxes owed in January, 1993 was entered into for the first six months of 1993. Interest on the deferred amounts was paid in January, 1993.
Vacancy rates in the downtown Manhattan office market have increased substantially over the last several years. As a result, competition for tenants has increased, which has resulted in lower effective rents. The increased vacancy in the downtown Manhattan office market has resulted primarily from layoffs, cutbacks and consolidations by many financial service companies which, along with related businesses, dominate the submarket. This has resulted in uncertainty as to the joint venture partnership's ability to recover the net carrying value of the investment property through future operations and sales. As a matter of prudent accounting practice, a provision for value impairment of such investment property of $14,844,420 was recorded as of December 31, 1991. The Partnership's share of such provision was $4,841,800 and was included in the Partnership's share of operations of unconsolidated ventures. Such provision was recorded to reduce the net book value of the investment property to the then outstanding balance of the related non-recourse financing and O&Y partner loans.
The office building is being managed pursuant to a long-term agreement with an affiliate of the O&Y partners. Under the terms of the management agreement, the manager is obligated to manage the office building, collect all receipts from operations and to the extent available from such receipts pay all expenses of the office building. The manager is entitled to receive a management fee equal to 1% of gross receipts of the property.
(v) JMB/NewPark
In December 1986, the Partnership, through a joint venture partnership ("JMB/NewPark"), acquired an interest in an existing joint venture partnership ("NewPark Associates")