ITEM 1 - BUSINESS
GENERAL
Betz Laboratories, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Registrant"), is engaged in the engineered chemical treatment of water, wastewater and process systems operating in a wide variety of industrial and commercial applications, with particular emphasis on the chemical, petroleum refining, paper, automotive, electrical utility and steel industries. Registrant produces and markets a wide range of specialty chemical products, including the technical and laboratory services necessary to utilize these products effectively. Chemical treatment programs are developed and marketed for use in boilers, cooling systems, heat exchangers, paper and process streams and both influent and effluent systems. Registrant monitors changing water, process and plant operating conditions so as to prescribe the appropriate treatment programs to solve problems such as corrosion, scale, deposit formation and a variety of process problems.
Registrant has thirteen (13) production plants in the United States and eight (8) in foreign countries. Operations are conducted primarily in the United States and Canada, and also in Europe, Southeast Asia and the Caribbean area. Registrant employs approximately 4,115 people worldwide.
MARKETING
During 1993, the Registrant undertook a reorganization of its marketing strategies on a global basis. Pursuant to this globalization initiative, Registrant's foreign paper and refinery process sales and marketing organizations will report to Registrant's domestic operations along technology lines. This should result in faster overseas growth, where Registrant presently has a very small market share.
Domestically, Registrant continued to organize into separate marketing units along technology lines in order to be more responsive to customer needs. As part of this strategy, Registrant has further decentralized into nine autonomous domestic marketing units, four of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries and five of which are groups or divisions of the Re