 for power purchased from NISCO. The PUCT ordered in 1986 that the purchased power costs from NISCO in excess of GSU's avoided costs be disallowed. The PUCT disallowance resulted in approximately $12 million to $15 million of unrecovered purchased power costs on an annual basis, which GSU continued to expense as the costs were incurred. In April 1991, the Texas Supreme Court, in the appeal of such order, ordered the PUCT to allow GSU to recover purchased power payments in excess of its avoided cost in future proceedings, if GSU established to the PUCT's satisfaction that the payments were reasonable and necessary expenses.
In June 1993, the PUCT, in the fuel reconciliation case, concluded that the purchased power payments made to NISCO in excess of GSU's avoided cost were not reasonably incurred. As a result of the order, GSU recorded additional fuel expenses (including interest) of $2.8 million for non-NISCO related items. The PUCT's order resulted in no additional expenses related to the NISCO issue, or for overcollections related to the fixed fuel factor, as those charges were expensed by GSU as they were incurred. The PUCT concluded that GSU had over-collected its fuel costs in Texas and ordered GSU to refund approximately $33.8 million to its Texas retail customers, including approximately $7.5 million of interest. The PUCT reduced GSU's fixed fuel factor in Texas from about 2.1 cents per KWH to approximately 1.84 cents per KWH. GSU had requested a new fixed fuel factor of about 2.02 cents per KWH. Based on current sales forecasts, adoption of the PUCT's recommended fixed fuel factor would reduce GSU's revenues by approximately $34 million annually. In October 1993, GSU appealed the PUCT's order to the Travis County District Court. No assurance can be given as to the timing or outcome of the appeal.
Texas - Cities Rate Settlement. In June 1993, thirteen cities within GSU's Texas service area instituted an investigation to determine whether GSU's current rates w