opriate. These rate actions can provide reasonable assurance of the existence of an asset, reduce or eliminate the value of an asset, or impose a liability on a regulated enterprise.
Allowance for Funds Used During Construction Where capital invested by the Telephone Company in construction projects is not allowed in the rate base upon which revenue requirements are determined, it is the practice of regulatory authorities to allow, in lieu thereof, a capitalization of interest and equity costs during periods of construction. These capitalized costs are reflected as income during the construction period and as an addition to the cost of plant constructed, and are included in other income (expense)-net on the Telephone Company's Statements of Income.
Income Taxes The Telephone Company is included in the Corporation's consolidated federal income tax return. Federal income taxes are provided for in accordance with the provisions of the Tax Allocation Agreement (Agreement) between the Telephone Company and the Corporation. In general, the Telephone Company's income tax provision under the Agreement reflects the financial consequences of income, deductions and credits which can be utilized on a separate return basis or in consolidation with the Corporation and which are assured of realization.
Deferred income taxes are provided for certain temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes.
Investment tax credits resulted from federal tax law provisions that allowed for a reduction in income tax liability based on certain construction and capital expenditures. Corresponding income tax expense reductions were deferred and are being amortized as reductions in income tax expense over the life of the property, plant and equipment that gave rise to the credits.
Effective January 1, 1993, the Telephone Company adopted a new accounting standard for accounting for income taxes. See No