roduction from such properties (the Louisiana Conveyance). The Louisiana Conveyance provides the Trust with the economic equivalent of the Net Profits Royalties determined with respect to the Net Profits Properties located in Louisiana. The Net Profits Conveyances, Wasson Conveyance and Louisiana Conveyance are referred to collectively as the Conveyances.
Santa Fe owns the Royalty Properties subject to and burdened by the Royalty Interests. Santa Fe will receive all payments relating to the sale of production from the Royalty Properties and will be required, pursuant to the Conveyances, to pay to the Trust the portion thereof attributable to the Royalty Interests. Under the Conveyances, the amounts payable with respect to the Royalty Interests will be computed with respect to each calendar quarter, and such amounts will be paid by Santa Fe to the Trust not later than 60 days after the end of each calendar quarter. The amounts paid to the Trust will not include interest on any amounts payable with respect to the Royalty Interests which are held by Santa Fe prior to payment to the Trust. Santa Fe will be entitled to retain any amounts attributable to the Royalty Properties which are not required to be paid to the Trust with respect to the Royalty Interests.
The following descriptions of the Wasson Royalties and the Net Profits Royalties, and the calculation of amounts payable to the Trust in respect thereof, are subject to and qualified by the more detailed provisions of the Conveyances included as exhibits to this Form 10-K and available upon request from the Trustee.
THE WASSON ROYALTIES
THE WASSON ODC ROYALTY. The Wasson ODC Royalty was conveyed out of Santa Fe's 12.3934% royalty interest in the Wasson ODC Unit and entitles the Trust to receive quarterly royalty payments with respect to oil production from the Wasson ODC Unit for each calendar quarter (or two-month period in the case of the initial period ended December 31, 1992) during the period ending on Decembe