 action on the Trust's behalf. The action named as defendants B&B II, the individual Trustees of the Trust, and Merrill Lynch Business, Brokerage and Valuation, Inc. The Trust was named as a nominal defendant. The action sought, among other things, a declaration that the Trust's management agreement with B&B II was invalid; imposition of a constructive trust on and recovery of $7,195,000 received by B&B II in December, 1989, in connection with the Second Amendment to the B&B Management Agreement; attorneys' fees, costs of suit; and other damages according to proof. The Trust appointed a committee of independent Trustees who are not defendants to engage counsel to represent the Trust's interests in the action.
On April 30, 1992, the Sacramento Superior Court sustained the defendants' demurrer to the class action causes of action, but authorized the plaintiffs to proceed with the case as a derivative action. The Sacramento Superior Court also ruled that, in light of the terms of the Declaration of Trust, the Trustees would no be held liable to the Trust based upon simple negligence.
On July 16, 1992, the Sacramento Superior Court sustained the defendants' demurrer to the derivative action, with leave to amend. This ruling was based on the plaintiffs' failure to make demand on the Trustees to take the action requested in the complaint or to allege with sufficient particularity the reasons why such a demand would be futile. The Sacramento Superior Court also stayed the action for all other purposes for 60 days, except to allow plaintiffs to amend their complaint.
On March 30, 1993, the plaintiffs filed and served a second amended complaint, which names as additional defendants Joyce Berger and the law firm of Nossaman, Guthner, Knox and Elliott. Upon dissolution of the stay, the parties actively engaged in settlement negotiations. Prior to bankruptcy, settlement negotiations were progressing toward a payment to the Trust of over $1 million. Since the bankruptcy and the 