e until it has received 20% of the contract sales price.
Because of the severe liquidity crisis faced by the Company as discussed above, the Company ceased development work late in the third quarter of 1990. From September 29, 1990 through the fourth quarter of 1991, all sales of undeveloped lots were accounted for using the deposit method. Since the fourth quarter of 1991 and in compliance with the 1992 Consent Order, the Company has been offering only developed lots for sale (see Note 8).
At the time of recording a sale the Company records an allowance for the estimated cost to cancel the related contracts receivable through a charge to the provision for uncollectible sales. The amount of this provision and the adequacy of the allowance is determined by the Company's continuing evaluation of the portfolio and past cancellation experience. While the Company uses the best information available to make such evaluations, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary as a result of future national and international economic and other conditions that may be beyond the Company's control. Changes in the Company's estimate of the allowance for previously recognized sales will be reported in earnings in the period in which they become
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(CONTINUED)
THE DELTONA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES-(CONTINUED)
estimable and are charged to the provision for uncollectible contracts.
Land improvement costs are allocated to individual homesites based upon the relationship that the homesite's sales price bears to the total sales price of all homesites in the community. The estimated costs of improving homesites are based upon independent engineering estimates made in accordance with sound cost estimation and provide for anticipated cost-inflation factors. The estimates are systematically reviewed. When cost estimates are revised, the percentage relationship they bear to deferred re