e costs related to the ice storm.
Least Cost Planning. On December 1, 1992 and July 1, 1993, MP&L filed with the MPSC the Least Cost Plan described in "Business of Entergy - Competition - Least Cost Planning," above. MP&L also requested a finding by the MPSC that the plan's cost recovery methodology is reasonable and appropriate. MP&L will request approval of cost recovery mechanisms after the plan has been approved by the MPSC. On October 6, 1993, the MPSC, on its own motion, stayed all proceedings in this docket. The MPSC stay order regarding MP&L's Least Cost Plan filing remains in effect even though MP&L and the MPUS have stipulated to an FRP (see "Incentive Rate Plan," above). Because the stay order remains in effect, MP&L has not yet filed a request that the CCLM portion of the filing be withdrawn and that a pilot CCLM program be implemented.
Fuel Adjustment Clause. MP&L's rate schedules include a fuel adjustment clause that permits recovery from customers of changes in the cost of fuel and purchased power. The monthly fuel adjustment rate is based on projected sales and costs for the month, adjusted for differences between actual and estimated costs for the second prior month.
NOPSI
Electric Retail Rate Reduction. On November 18, 1993, in connection with the settlement of various issues related to the Merger, the Council adopted a resolution requiring NOPSI to reduce its annual electric base rates by $4.8 million on bills rendered on or after November 1, 1993.
Recovery of Grand Gulf 1 Costs. Under NOPSI's various Rate Settlements with the Council (which include the 1986 NOPSI Settlement, the February 4 Resolution relating to prudence issues, and the 1991 NOPSI Settlement of the issues raised in the February 4 Resolution), NOPSI agreed to absorb and not recover from ratepayers a total of $186.2 million of its Grand Gulf 1 costs. NOPSI was permitted to implement annual rate increases in decreasing amounts each year through 1995, and to defer certain costs, and 