ed beyond these dates are estimated to be available for the foreseeable future.
(2) Current GSU contracts will provide a significant percentage of these materials and services for River Bend through 1995.
(3) Enrichment services for ANO 1, ANO 2, Waterford 3, and Grand Gulf 1 are provided by a System Fuels contract with the United States Enrichment Corporation (USEC). The contract has been terminated after 1995 to permit flexibility on future pricing and terms that could be obtained. Enrichment services for River Bend are provided by a GSU contract with USEC that may be partially terminated after 1998 and fully terminated after 2000. (See "Rate Matters and Regulation - Regulation - Regulation of the Nuclear Power Industry - Decommissioning," above for information on annual contributions to a federal decontamination and decommissioning fund required by the Energy Act to be made by AP&L, GSU, LP&L, and System Energy as a result of their enrichment contracts with DOE.)
(4) The Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 provides for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel or high level waste by the DOE. Under this Act, the DOE was to begin accepting spent fuel in 1998 and to continue until the disposal of all spent fuel from reactor sites has been accomplished. In November 1989, the DOE indicated that the repository program will be delayed. Current on-site spent fuel storage capacity at ANO, River Bend, Waterford 3, and Grand Gulf 1 is estimated to be sufficient to store fuel from normal operations until 1995, 2003, 2000, and 2004, respectively. It is expected that any additional storage capacity required, due to delay of the DOE repository program, will have to be provided by the affected companies (see "Rate Matters and Regulation - Regulation - Regulation of the Nuclear Power Industry - Spent Fuel and Other High-Level Radioactive Waste," above).
The System will require additional arrangements for segments of the nuclear fuel cycle beyond the dates shown above. Except as noted above