e, and Mr. Doyle, who serves as President and Chief Operating Officer of Tarragon and Trustee and Executive Vice President of the Trust. Mr. Friedman's family owns approximately 30% of the outstanding shares of the Trust.
Also on February 10, 1994, VPT's Board of Trustees selected Tarragon to replace BCM as VPT's advisor commencing March 1, 1994. Messrs. Davis, Doyle, Friedman, Johnson, Schrag, Sims and Weisbrod, Trustees of the Trust, serve as trustees of VPT.
Tarragon occupies office space at VPT's One Turtle Creek Office/Retail Complex, which serves as the Trust's executive offices.
Since February 1, 1990, affiliates of BCM have provided property management services to the Trust. Currently, Carmel, Ltd. provides property management services for a fee of 5% or less of the monthly gross rents collected on the properties under management. In many cases, Carmel, Ltd. subcontracts with other entities for the property-level management services to the Trust at various rates. The general partner of Carmel, Ltd. is BCM. The limited partners of Carmel, Ltd. are (i) SWI, of which Mr. Phillips is the sole shareholder, (ii) Mr. Phillips and (iii) a trust for the benefit of the children of Mr. Phillips. Carmel, Ltd. subcontracts the property-level management and leasing of eleven of the Trust's commercial properties and the commercial properties owned by two of the real estate partnerships in which the Trust is a partner to Carmel Realty, which is owned by SWI. Carmel, Ltd. resigned as property manager for the Trust's properties effective March 31, 1994. Commencing April 1, 1994, Tarragon will provide property management services to the Trust.
Prior to December 1, 1992, affiliates of BCM provided brokerage services to the Trust and received brokerage commissions in accordance with the advisory agreement. Effective December 1, 1992, the Trust engaged Carmel Realty, on a non-exclusive basis, to provide brokerage services for the Trust. Carmel Realty is owned by SWI. Such agreeme