stores opened in fiscal year 1993, and footwear departments in department stores. The Company's largest single customer accounted for less than 6% of consolidated net sales for the fiscal year ended December 3, 1993.
The Company provides assistance to a limited number of qualified specialty retailers to enable them to operate independent Stride Rite children's footwear stores. Such assistance sometimes includes the sublease of a desirable retail site by the Company to a dealer. There are approximately 81 independent dealers who currently sublease store locations from the Company.
A newly constructed automated distribution center located in Louisville, Kentucky provides 520,000 square feet of space and is
owned by the Company. Reference is hereby made to the section of the Company's annual report to stockholders entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" for additional information concerning the distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky. The Company also owns a central warehouse in Boston, Massachusetts, which provides 565,000 square feet of space. The Company closed, during the first quarter of fiscal year 1994, a warehouse located in New Bedford, Massachusetts, consisting of approximately 742,000 square feet, which was leased by the Company.
The Company maintains an in-stock inventory of its various branded footwear in a wide range of sizes and widths for shipment to its wholesale customers. It is the Company's policy to attempt to ship promptly every order (except for orders placed in advance of seasonal requirements) received for footwear included in its in-stock inventory. This policy enables retailers to minimize the amount of their capital invested in inventory, while providing the availability of footwear for which customer demand exists. In accordance with practices in the footwear industry, the Company encourages early acceptance of merchandise by shipping some product