f the Company's take-or-pay purchase commitments, annual deficiencies may be offset by prepayments subject to recovery over a longer term if future purchases exceed the minimum annual requirements.
The Company has contracted with an external vendor for the development of a customer information system for a fixed contract price of $12 million to be incurred over four years as follows: $3.6 million in 1993; $4.7 million in 1994; $0.7 million in 1995; and $3.0 million in 1996.
Environmental Matters ---------------------
In June 1992, the City of Salem, Oregon, requested the Company's participation in its review of an environmental assessment of riverfront property in Salem that is the proposed site for a park and other public developments. Within the property is a block previously owned by the Company which was the former site of a manufactured gas plant. The Company's corporate predecessor operated the plant for less than four months in 1929 before closing it upon completion of a pipeline providing gas transmission from Portland to Salem. The City has determined that there is environmental contamination on the site, and that a remediation process involving the Company and at least two other prior owners of the block will be required. To date the Company has not obtained sufficient information to determine the extent of its liability for any such remediation.
The Company owns property in Linnton, Oregon, that is the former site of a gas manufacturing plant that was closed in 1956. Although limited testing for environmental contamination has been undertaken by other parties on portions of the site, no comprehensive studies have been performed. The Company submitted a work plan for the site to the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (ODEQ) in 1987, but those efforts were suspended at ODEQ's request while the Company and other parties participated in a joint hydrogeologic study of an area adjacent to the site. In September 1993, pursuant to ODEQ procedures, the Com