ompany's Marco Island community and had provided in its financial statements for such obligations. Following the September, 1992 court approval of a settlement of certain class action litigation instituted by customers affected by the Marco permit denials, the Company, among other things, conveyed more than 120 acres of multi-family and commercial land that had been placed in trust to the trustee of the 809 member class, and listed 250,000 shares of restricted Common Stock of the Company to be issued to the class members. At December 31, 1993, $2,886,000 remained in the allowance for Marco permit costs, including $554,000 relating to interest accrued on such obligations. Based upon the Company's experience with affected customers, the Company believes that its total obligations to the remaining 1.3% of its affected customers will not materially exceed the amount provided for in its financial statements. See Note 9 to Consolidated Financial Statements.
LIQUIDITY
Since 1986, the Company has directed its marketing efforts to rebuilding retail land sales in an attempt to obtain a more stable income stream and achieve a balanced growth of retail land sales and bulk land sales. Retail land sales typically have a higher gross profit margin than bulk land sales and the contracts receivable generated from retail land sales provide a continuing source of income. However, retail land sales also have traditionally produced negative cash flow through the point of sale. This is because the marketing and selling expenses have generally been paid prior to or shortly after the point of sale, while the land is generally paid for in installments. The Company's ability to rebuild retail land sales has been substantially dependent on its ability to sell or otherwise finance contracts receivable and/or secure other financing sources to meet its cash requirements.
To alleviate the negative cash flow impact arising from retail land sales while attempting to rebuild its sales volume, the Co