however, Meta Series revenue growth has not been sufficient to offset the drop in the C3 product line. The increase in product revenue in 1992 over 1991 is believed to be attributable to increased availability of the C3 line in 1992. Both products were announced in mid-1991 but were shipped in limited quantities due to constrained supplies of key semiconductor components needed to build them. These supply constraints were resolved in 1992.
Service revenue increased 35% in 1993 after a 37% increase in 1992 and a 42% increase in 1991. This component of revenue now accounts for 38% of the Company's total revenue. This revenue includes both maintenance contracts as well as systems integration revenue. Systems integration is a line of business the Company entered during 1992 in which it performs a service for the customer by integrating hardware and software from other vendors with Convex hardware and software. Systems integration revenue includes the integration components of both the Data Management business and the Meta Series product line. The growth in service revenue during the last two years has been sustained by the increase in the systems integration business with revenue from systems integration of $8 million in 1992 and $23 million in 1993. The Company believes the amount of systems integration revenue will fluctuate from quarter-to- quarter and will depend to a large degree on the success of the Data Management business. In addition, the Company believes that in the future, modest growth in maintenance contract revenue is possible if the Company is able to achieve growth in product revenues.
The Company believes the current economic and competitive environment is causing its customers and prospects to reduce their capital spending levels and to delay making decisions to purchase high dollar capital goods such as the Company's products. The Company also believes the current competitive environment has put increased pressure on the Company's present compute-ser