s allegedly suing on behalf of herself and all others similarly situated. Berger asserts that she was defrauded by Dartmouth Plan Inc., Midwest Federal Savings Bank and by Harbor Crest, a home improvement contractor affiliated with Dartmouth. The plaintiff maintains that Dartmouth and Harbor Crest operated a scheme pursuant to which Harbor Crest would identify individuals on small incomes with little or no education and sell them home improvements at substantially marked up prices. The plaintiff also maintains that the home improvements were provided in a shoddy and unprofessional manner and that the requirements of the truth in lending laws were not met. In related matters, BankAtlantic is represented by counsel in connection with a suit filed by the New Jersey Attorney General has filed suit against Sterling and certain contractors originating Sterling paper (some of which was subsequently sold to BankAtlantic). In that action, the New Jersey Attorney General seeks civil remedies against the contractor and Sterling and seeks to cancel or modify the mortgage loans. These are some of the same Sterling loans discussed above. The New Jersey Attorney General staff has stated that some of the New Jersey customers have better claims than others and have asked BankAtlantic to recommend a procedure for independent evaluation of any claims relating to these loans. On June 15, 1992, BankAtlantic sent the New Jersey Attorney General a written recommendation regarding the procedures that should be utilized to evaluate the claims relating to the Sterling loans held by BankAtlantic on a case-by-case basis. The New Jersey Attorney General is in the process of reviewing and revising the suggested procedures.
In an action entitled BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank, a federally chartered savings bank vs. National Union Fire Insurance Co. of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, a Pennsylvania corporation, United States District Court, Southern District of Florida, 91-2940-CIV-MORENO, BankAtl