debt in this category than in higher rated categories.
The ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major categories.
A commercial paper rating is a current assessment of the likelihood of timely payment of debt having an original maturity of no more than 365 days. Commercial paper rated A-2 indicates that capacity for timely payment on issues is satisfactory.
(2) Moody's. Bonds which are rated Baa2 or Baa1 are considered as medium grade obligations, i.e., they are neither highly protected nor poorly secured. Interest payment and principal security appear adequate for the present but certain protective elements may be lacking or may be characteristically unreliable over any great length of time. Such bonds lack outstanding investment characteristics and in fact have speculative characteristics as well.
Bonds which are rated A3 possess many favorable investment attributes and are to be considered as upper medium grade obligations. Factors giving security to principal and interest are considered adequate but elements may be present which suggest a susceptibility to impairment sometime in the future.
Preferred stock rated baa1 is considered to be a medium grade preferred stock, neither highly protected nor poorly secured. Earnings and asset protection appear adequate at present but may be questionable over a great length of time.
Numeric modifiers are added to debt and preferred stock ratings. Numeric modifier 1 indicates that the security ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category and numeric modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking.
Commercial paper rated P-2 is considered to have a strong ability for repayment of senior short-term obligations. This will normally be evidenced by the following characteristics: a) leading market positions in well- established industries, b) high rates of return on funds employed, c) conservative capitalization structure with moderate reliance on debt and ample asse