 Company filed with the OPUC for rate increases averaging 3 percent. The OPUC approved the increases effective October 1, 1993. These rate increases were due to the removal of temporary rate discounts in effect since November 1990 to refund to customers gas cost savings and pipeline rate refunds resulting from NPC's transition to "open access" transportation.
In November 1993, the Company filed for rate increases under its PGA tariffs averaging 3.7 percent for Oregon customers and 7.6 percent for Washington customers. The OPUC and WUTC approved these increases for their respective states effective December 1, 1993. These rate increases passed through to customers the effect of higher gas costs, and removed temporary rate discounts related to prior gas cost savings which had applied to rates for firm gas service since December 1992.
In connection with filings by the Company each year under the PGA tariff, the OPUC has reviewed the Company's earnings as determined for a recently-completed 12-month period, normalized for average weather conditions and certain other adjustments to revenues or expenses as applied in the Company's last general rate case. The OPUC has taken the position that it may reduce the amount of a rate increase requested to offset higher gas costs if its review of normalized earnings were to show that the resulting return on equity would exceed a reasonable range for the Company under then-current financial conditions. Based upon such a review in 1993, the Company and the OPUC staff negotiated an agreement whereby the Company reduced the revenue increase requested pursuant to its November 1993 PGA filing by about $2,334,000 per year. The Company expects the OPUC to conduct a similar review in connection with its PGA filing to be effective in December 1994, but cannot predict whether the effect, if any, of such a review on future earnings would be material.
In Oregon, the Company has an Interruptible Sales Adjustment (ISA) tariff schedule which level