OFT, CONSOLIDATED, DEWRANCE, DURAGAUGE, DURATEMP, DURATRAN, EBRO, HANCOCK, HEISE, MASONEILAN and WILLY - measure and control pressure, temperature, level and flow of liquids and gases. These products are sold primarily to the process, power and gas distribution industries. Specialty products include gas meters, pipe fittings, couplings and repair devices for sale to the gas and water utilities and other industrial markets under the registered DRESSER trademark.
Marketing Systems. Registrant manufactures and sells a variety of gasoline and diesel fuel dispensing systems and automated control systems under the Wayne trade name.
ENGINEERING SERVICES
Registrant's wholly owned subsidiary, The M. W. Kellogg Company, provides engineering, construction and related services, primarily to the hydrocarbon process industries. Sales and service revenues
for The M.W. Kellogg Company were $1,209.3 million, $1,558.8 million, and $1,594.2 million for 1993, 1992 and 1991 respectively.
BACKLOG
The backlog of unfilled orders at October 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 is included in Management's Discussion and Analysis on page 18.
SALES AND DISTRIBUTION
Registrant's products and services are marketed through various channels. In the United States, sales are generally made through a group or division sales organization or through independent distributors. Sales in Canada are usually effected through a division of a Canadian subsidiary. Sales in other countries are made directly by a United States division or subsidiary, through foreign subsidiaries or affiliates, and through distributor arrangements or with the assistance of independent sales agents.
COMPETITION AND ECONOMIC CONDITIONS
Dresser's products are sold in highly competitive markets, and its sales and earnings can be affected by changes in competitive prices, fluctuations in the level of activity in major markets, or general economic conditions.
FOREIGN OPERATIONS
Registrant maintains manufacturing, marketing or service facilities serv