ges, and $500 million in punitive damages. In their responses to these complaints, AP&L and Entergy Services asserted, among other things, that AP&L owns flowage easements giving it the permanent right to inundate the lands owned or occupied by the plaintiffs in connection with the operation of the dams. In June 1991, the Arkansas District Court granted summary judgment to AP&L with respect to the enforceability of its flowage easements. In November 1991, the Arkansas District Court ruled that Entergy Services was entitled to the benefit of AP&L's flowage easements, in effect, removing from consideration damages in the approximate amount of $13.5 million alleged to have occurred within the areas covered by the easements. As a result, over 300 plaintiffs claiming damage within the easements were dismissed from the consolidated case in December 1991. Certain plaintiffs appealed these orders to the Eighth Circuit, which appeal was denied in March 1992. Following the Eighth Circuit's denial of their interlocutory appeal from the Arkansas District Court's orders, certain of the plaintiffs, without prejudice to their right to refile, voluntarily dismissed their claims which had not been disposed of in the Arkansas District Court's orders, thus making the orders a final adjudication, and appealed these orders to the Eighth Circuit. The remaining plaintiffs obtained a stay and an administrative termination of their claims, pending the outcome of the appeal. In December 1993, a three-judge panel of the Eighth Circuit filed its opinion affirming the judgment of the Arkansas District Court and entered judgment accordingly. The plaintiffs appealing the Arkansas District Court's orders filed petitions with the Eighth Circuit for a rehearing by the entire Court sitting en banc, which petitions were denied. The plaintiffs may petition the U.S. Supreme Court to issue a writ of certiorari to permit its review of the Eighth Circuit's decisions. Neither AP&L nor Entergy Services can p