ly mentioned, the Corporation uses simulation techniques to measure the potential impact of interest rate changes on earnings. The simulation model associates projected changes in balance sheet activity with underlying repricing frequency to determine the effects of interest rate movements on the Corporation's net interest margin. The simulation models are adjusted and executed monthly. At December 31, 1993, the simulation results under a ^ 200 basis point change in interest rates reflected projected changes in the Corporation's net interest margin which were considered acceptable and within the Corporation's guidelines for managing interest rate risk. The maximum interest rate risk acceptable to the Corporation would place at risk 10% of stockholders' equity given the immediate and sustained ^ 200 basis point change in interest rates of which no more than one-third of that risk may be exposed in any one year.
The net interest rate sensitivity of the Corporation at December 31, 1993 is illustrated in the following table. This information is presented for six different time periods reflecting the balances of assets and liabilities with rates that are subject to change, any rate sensitive off-balance sheet contracts and data regarding funds which are not sensitive to interest rates. As indicated in the following table, the Corporation is liability sensitive in the near term and becomes asset sensitive over the long term. The table shows the sensitivity of the balance sheet at one point in time and is not necessarily indicative of the position on other dates.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
* Includes investment securities available-for-sale.
In developing the classifications used for the preceding table, it was necessary to make certain assumptions and approximations in assigning assets and liabilities to the different maturity categories. These assumptions have been developed by Management over a period of time and reflect its best assessment of current conditions. These a