ased on minimum rentals plus a percentage of the hotel properties' revenues in excess of stipulated amounts.
The following is a schedule, by year, of future minimum lease payments required under the remaining operating leases that have terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 1993 (in thousands):
Rental expense for all operating leases, including those with terms of less than one year, consist of the following for the year ended December 31, 1993 and the five months ended December 31, 1992 (in thousands):
Employee Benefits
The Company does not provide any material post employment benefits to its current or former employees.
Contingent Claims
As of March 1, 1994, unresolved bankruptcy claims of approximately $437,000,000 have been asserted against PMI. The Company has disputed substantially all of these unresolved claims and has filed objections to such claims. The Company believes that substantially all of these claims will be dismissed and disallowed. Any claims not disallowed will be satisfied through the distribution of the Company's common stock. In accordance with SOP 90-7, the consolidated financial statements have given full effect to the maximum distribution, pursuant to the Plan of the Company's common stock (see Note 10).
The Company has responded to informal requests for information by the Staff of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of Enforcement relating to a number of the significant transactions of PMI, for the years 1985 through 1991. However, no formal allegations have been made by the Staff.
In addition to the foregoing legal proceedings, the Company is involved in various other proceedings incidental to the normal course of its business.
PRIME HOSPITALITY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 1993 AND 1992 (CONTINUED)
The Company believes that the resolution of these contingencies will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or r