al controls, information systems and external audit systems, loan documentation and credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth and quality, and employee compensation; such standards were published in proposed form on November 18, 1993. Since they are not yet final, it is not possible to assess their impact on the Association. Recent legislation has amended certain FDICIA provisions regarding compensation standards. Additional legislation could be proposed and enacted. No representation can be made as to the possible effects of legislation or regulations which may be adopted in the future.
Insurance of Deposits. The FDIC is the federal deposit insurance administrator for both banks and savings associations. The FDIC administers separate insurance funds, the SAIF and the BIF for thrifts and banks respectively, and assessment rates are set independently. The FDIC has the specified authority to prescribe and enforce such regulations and issue such orders as it deems necessary to prevent actions or practices by savings associations that pose a serious threat to the SAIF. In addition, FDICIA required that the FDIC establish a risk-based deposit insurance premium system which would be effective as of January 1, 1994. In establishing such a system, the FDIC was required by FDICIA to take into consideration the risks attributable to different categories and concentrations of assets and liabilities and the revenue needs of the deposit insurance funds.
On October 1, 1992, the FDIC published final rules increasing the deposit insurance assessment rate to be paid by BIF and SAIF insured institutions during two semiannual periods in 1993 and thereafter and adopting a transitional risk-based deposit insurance assessment system. The transitional system became effective January 1, 1993 and remained in effect until implementation of the permanent risk-based assessment system one year later. Under the transitional rule, the annual assessment rate for each SAIF insured i