ts. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
As discussed in Notes A, B and F to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes and postretirement benefits other than pensions in 1993.
PRICE WATERHOUSE PRICE WATERHOUSE
New York, New York February 3, 1994
Preferred Stock of the Company (not subject to mandatory redemption): Cumulative preferred stock - par value $100 per share, authorized 3,097,077 shares, outstanding as follows (Note G):
West Penn
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(These notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.)
Note A - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:
The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Allegheny Power System, Inc. and is a part of the Allegheny Power integrated electric utility system (the System).
The Company is subject to regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), by various state bodies having jurisdiction, and by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Significant accounting policies of the Company are summarized below.
CONSOLIDATION: The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (the companies).
REVENUES: Customers are billed on a cycle basis, and revenues, including amounts resulting from the application of fuel and energy cost adjustment clauses, are recorded when billed.
DEFERRED POWER COSTS, NET