 Strategic Advisors, Inc. (an international trade consulting firm), both of which he serves as Chairman. He is a Director of Central Newspapers, Inc. Mr. Quayle has served as a director of the Company since September 1993.
Dr. Rutledge has been Chairman of Rutledge & Company, Inc., a merchant banking firm, since January 1991. He is the founder and Chairman of Claremont Economics Institute, an economic research firm established in 1975. He is also a director of Earle M. Jorgensen & Company, Lazard Freres Funds, Medical Specialties Group, and Utendahl Capital Partners and is a special advisor to Kelso & Company. Dr. Rutledge has served as a director of the Company since March 1993.
Mr. Schuchert has been Chairman, CEO, and a director of Kelso & Companies, Inc., since March 1989. Kelso & Companies, Inc. is the general partner of Kelso & Company, L.P. From 1984 to 1989 Mr. Schuchert was managing general partner of Kelso & Company, L.P. He is also a director of Earle M. Jorgensen & Company. Mr. Schuchert has served as a director of the Company since May 1988.
On December 23, 1992, Kelso & Company and its chief executive officer, Mr. Schuchert, without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, consented to an administrative order in respect of a Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") inquiry relating to the 1990 acquisition of a portfolio company by a Kelso affiliate. The order found that Kelso's tender offer filing in connection with the acquisition did not comply fully with the Commission's tender offer reporting requirements, and required Kelso and Mr. Schuchert to comply with these requirements in the future.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Mr. Schuchert is a member of the Management Development Committee (the Compensation Committee) of the Company's Board of Directors. He is Chairman of Kelso & Companies, Inc. (the general partner of Kelso & Company, L.P.) and a general partner of American Standard Partners, the gener