of a substantial percentage of its borrowed funds over periods which closely correspond to the maturities of its portfolio.
The Company provides financing only when acceptable credit standards and criteria are met. Decisions regarding credit applications are based upon the customer's credit history and financial strength, the intended use of the equipment being financed, and other considerations. In general, the Company obtains a security interest in the equipment being financed. Less than five percent of the total value of the Company's portfolio (excluding loans to dealers) is comprised of transactions in which the Company has recourse to a dealer.
Management closely monitors past due accounts and regularly evaluates the collectibility of receivable balances. The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses which it believes is sufficient to cover uncollectible accounts. Company policy is to write off against such allowance that portion of the outstanding receivable which cannot be recovered by leasing or selling the related equipment. Management believes the allowance for credit losses at December 31, 1993, is sufficient to provide for any losses which may be sustained on outstanding receivables. For more information on receivables and the allowance for credit losses, see Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The following table summarizes the Company's delinquency experience showing past-due receivables as a percentage of total receivables:
Delinquency Experience
Decem ber 31, 1992 1991 Past due 31 to 60 days ..................... .7% 0.6% 1.6% Past due over 60 days ..................... 1.2% 1.9% 2.4%
At December 31, 1993, the largest single customer/dealer account represented 3.5% of the Company's portfolio and the five largest such customer/dealer accounts represented 11.1% of the portfolio. With respect to dealer financing, at December 31, 1993, the largest single dealer account represented 3.5% of the Company's portfolio and the 