from five to 600 units. Borrowers are individuals or partnerships with substantial experience in real estate investment and generally, the loans were made on a non-recourse basis. Loan proceeds have been used to purchase the collateral or to refinance existing loans from other financial institutions.
Of the multi-family and commercial real estate loans, 91.1% were first mortgage liens and 8.9% were second mortgages as of December 31, 1993. Second mortgages were underwritten on the basis of the total outstanding indebtedness, including the senior mortgages.
The Bank holds sixty commercial real estate loans which are either secured by office buildings, shopping centers, or industrial buildings. The total amount of such loans outstanding at December 31, 1993 was $73.0 million or 3.1.% of the Bank's total loan portfolio. The loans ranged in principal amount from $32,000 to $7.9 million as of December 31, 1993. These loans have been made under similar terms and underwriting criteria as the Bank's multi-family loans.
Multi-family and commercial real estate loans have been made for up to fifteen-year terms, in most cases with only interest payable during the first five years. Amortization of principal on multi-family and commercial loans generally begins in the sixth year and is based on a 25-year amortization schedule. As of December 31, 1993, approximately 75% or $858.4 million of the Multi-Family, Commercial Real Estate and Commercial Land portfolio is in its amortization term. Prepayment is permitted without penalty in most cases. The initial interest rate generally has been fixed from 8% to 13.5%, depending on the prevailing rates at the time the loan was originated, for initial periods ranging from three months to one year. Following such initial period, the interest rate typically adjusts either quarterly or semiannually, although annual or monthly adjustments have been established in certain instances. Adjustments are made to a level that is a percentage above a sp