ofits include taxable income net of federal income taxes and adjustments for items of income which are not taxable and expenses which are not deductible. For the tax year ended December 31, 1993, Northeast Federal Corp. had current earnings and profits. Any dividends paid with respect to Northeast Savings' stock in excess of current or accumulated earnings and profits at year-end for federal tax purposes or any other stockholder distribution will be treated as made out of the tax bad debt reserves and will increase taxable income as noted in the preceding paragraph.
In February 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 (SFAS 109), "Accounting for Income Taxes." See "Results of Operations" in Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition for a discussion of the impact of SFAS 109 on the Company.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Northeast Federal Corp.'s corporate headquarters are located at 50 State House Square, Hartford, Connecticut 06103. Northeast Savings operates twelve branch banking offices in the Hartford-Springfield market, seventeen in the Albany-Schenectady and Pittsfield areas, nine in the Boston-Worcester markets, one on Cape Cod, four in the San Diego area, and six in the Providence area. Northeast Savings also operates
separate residential mortgage loan origination offices in Connecticut and through the Association's subsidiary, NEMAC, INC., in Colorado.
All of Northeast Savings' facilities are leased except for twelve branch offices and an office building in Farmington, Connecticut. The aggregate net book value of office buildings and leasehold improvements at December 31, 1993 was $22.1 million.
Northeast Savings' office locations by state are as follows:
Retail branch banking offices:
Connecticut: 782 Park Avenue Bloomfield 940 Silver Lane East Hartford 1105 New Britain Avenue Elmwood 50 State House Square Hartford (Home Office) 1147 Tolland T