 Holders, however, any seasonality that affects production and prices generally should be reflected in distributions to Holders in later periods.
PROCEEDS, PRODUCTION AND AVERAGE PRICES
Reference is made to 'Results of Operations' under Item 7 of this Form 10-K.
ASSETS
Reference is made to Item 6 of this Form 10-K for information relating to the assets of the Trust.
DEFINITIONS
As used herein, the following terms have the meanings indicated: 'Mcf' means thousand cubic feet, 'MMcf' means million cubic feet, 'Bbl' means barrel (approximately 42 U.S. gallons), and 'MBbl' means thousand barrels.
COMPETITION AND MARKETS
COMPETITION. The oil and gas industry is highly competitive in all of its phases. Santa Fe and the other operators of the Royalty Properties will encounter competition from major oil and gas companies, international energy organizations, independent oil and gas concerns, and individual producers and operators. Many of these competitors have greater financial and other resources than Santa Fe and the other operators of the Royalty Properties. Competition may also be presented by alternative fuel sources, including heating oil and other fossil fuels.
MARKETS. Production attributable to Santa Fe's royalty interests in the Wasson ODC Unit and the Wasson Willard Unit is marketed by Santa Fe and is in some cases sold at the wellhead at market responsive prices that approximate spot oil prices for West Texas sour crude, and in other cases is sold at points within common carrier pipeline systems on terms whereby Santa Fe pays the cost of transporting same to such points.
With respect to the Net Profits Properties, where such properties consist of royalty interests, the operators of the properties will make all decisions regarding the marketing and sale of oil and gas production. Although Santa Fe generally has the right to market oil and gas produced from the Royalty Properties that are working interests, Santa Fe generally relies on the operators of the properti