ncome . . . . . . . 23 Balance Sheets . . . . . . . . . . . 24 Statements of Cash Flows . . . . . . 25 Statements of Shareowner's Equity . 26 Notes to Financial Statements . . . 27
(2) Financial Statement Schedules Covered by Report of Independent Auditors: V-Property, Plant and Equipment . . . . . 41 VI-Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion, and Amortization of Property, Plant and Equipment . . . . . . . . . . . . 45 VIII-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 46 X-Supplementary Income Statement Information 47
Financial statement schedules other than those listed above have been omitted because the required information is contained in the financial statements and notes thereto, or because such schedules are not required or applicable.
(3) Exhibits:
Exhibits identified in parentheses below, on file with the SEC, are incorporated by reference as exhibits hereto.
4 Pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A), no instrument which defines the rights of holders of long and intermediate term debt of the registrant is filed herewith. Pursuant to this regulation, the registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request.
12 Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
23 Consent of Ernst & Young.
24 Powers of Attorney.
(b) Reports on Form 8-K:
No report on Form 8-K was filed by the Registrant during the last quarter of the year covered by this report.
Schedule V - Sheet 4
(a) Includes allowance for funds used during construction and additions to capitalized leases.
(b) Items of telephone plant, when retired or sold are deducted from the property accounts at the amount of cost originally recorded. Amounts are estimated if original historical cost is not known.
(c) Primarily includes transfers to and from Material and Supplies for reused material. The 1993 amounts include certain reclassifications.
SOUTHWESTERN BELL TELEPHONE COMPANY SCHEDULE X - SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION Dollars in Millions
Column B - Charged to Col