t. An audit includes examining on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Oregon Steel Mills, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes in 1992 and postretirement benefits in 1991.
COOPERS & LYBRAND Portland, Oregon February 11, 1994
OREGON STEEL MILLS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries. Affiliates which are 20 percent to 50 percent owned are accounted for using the equity method. All material intercompany transactions and account balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. Operations of purchased businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition (see Note 11).
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
The Company invests excess cash balances in short-term securities, including corporate and municipal obligations, bank repurchase agreements, commercial paper, remarketed preferred stock, and similar instruments which are readily converted to known amounts of cash and are so near to maturity that they present insignificant risk in changes in value because of changes in interest rates. The carrying amounts