ers. To the extent certain environmental liabilities are discovered by Southern
SOUTHERN UNION COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) Union prior to July 9, 1995, and are not so reimbursed or recovered, Southern Union will be responsible for the first $3,000,000, if any, of out of pocket costs and expenses incurred to respond to and remediate any such environmental claim. Thereafter, Western Resources would share one-half of the next $15,000,000 of any such costs and expenses, and Southern Union would be solely liable for any such costs and expenses in excess of $18,000,000.
The Missouri Business owns or is otherwise associated with a number of sites where manufactured gas plants were previousy operated. These plants were commonly used to supply gas service in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, in certain cases by corporate predecessors to Western Resources. By-products and residues from manufactured gas could be located at these sites and at some time in the future may require remediation by the EPA or delegated state regulatory authority. By virtue of notice under the Missouri Asset Purchase Agreement and its preliminary, non-invasive review, the Company is aware of eleven such sites in the service territory of the Missouri Business. Based on information reviewed thus far, it appears that neither Western Resources nor any predecessor in interest ever owned or operated at least three of those sites. Western Resources has informed the Company that it was notified in 1991 by the EPA that the EPA was evaluating one of the sites (in St. Joseph, Missouri) for any potential threat to human health and the environment. Western Resources has also advised the Company that to date, the EPA has not notified it that any further action may be required. Evaluation of the remainder of the sites by appropriate federal and state regulatory authorities may occur in the future. At the present time and based upon the preliminary information