h disagreements if not resolved to their satisfaction would have caused them to make reference in connection with their opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement.
In accordance with Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, during the two most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period, Northeast Federal has not been advised by Coopers & Lybrand of any of the reportable events listed in Item 304(a)(1)(v) (A) through (D).
The audit reports of Coopers & Lybrand on the consolidated financial statements of Northeast Savings, F.A. and subsidiaries as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1992 and March 31, 1992 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles, except for an explanatory paragraph noting the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 1992.
PART III
ITEM 10.


ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
Information regarding directors of the Company will appear in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, May 20, 1994, and is incorporated herein by this reference. In addition, information required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K disclosing any delinquent filing required under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by any of the Company's directors, executive officers or any person holding ten percent or more of the Company's common or convertible preferred stock will appear in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 1993. As required by Instruction 3 to Item 401(b) of Regulation S- K, information regarding executive officers of the Company is contained in Part I of this report under Supplementary Item, Executive Officers of the Registrant.
ITEM 11.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Information regardi