U, breach of its fiduciary duties owed to Cajun, and/or GSU's repudiation, renunciation, abandonment, or dissolution of its core obligations under the Operating Agreement, as well as the lack or failure of cause and/or consideration for Cajun's performance under the Operating Agreement. The suit seeks to recover Cajun's alleged $1.6 billion investment in the unit as damages, plus attorneys' fees, interest, and costs. In March 1992, the district court appointed a mediator to engage in settlement discussions and to schedule settlement conferences between the parties. Discussions with the mediator began in July 1992, however, GSU cannot predict what effect, if any, such discussions will have on the timing or outcome of the case. A trial without a jury is set for April 12, 1994, on the portion of the suit by Cajun to rescind the Operating Agreement. GSU believes the suits are without merit and is contesting them vigorously. No assurance can be given as to the outcome of this litigation. If GSU were ultimately unsuccessful in this litigation and were required to make substantial payments, GSU would probably be unable to make such payments and would probably have to seek relief from its creditors under the Bankruptcy Code.
See Note 12 of GSU's Notes to Financial Statements, "Entergy Corporation-GSU Merger," for the accounting treatment of preacquisition contingencies, including a charge resulting from an adverse resolution of the litigation with Cajun related to River Bend.
In July 1992, Cajun notified GSU that it would fund a limited amount of costs related to the fourth refueling outage at River Bend, completed in September 1992. Cajun has also not funded its share of the costs associated with certain additional repairs and improvements at River Bend completed during the refueling outage. GSU has paid the costs associated with such repairs and improvements without waiving any rights against Cajun. GSU believes that Cajun is obligated to pay its share of such costs under