he Trust, which will include accounting, engineering, legal, and other professional fees, Trustee fees, an administrative fee paid to Santa Fe and out-of-pocket expenses, are recognized when paid. Under generally accepted accounting principles, revenues and expenses would be recognized on an accrual basis. Amortization of the Trust's investment in Royalty Interests is recorded using the unit-of-production method in the period in which the cash is received with respect to such production. No royalty income was received and no Trust expenses were paid during the period from inception (October 22, 1992) through December 31, 1992 (see Note 4).
SANTA FE ENERGY TRUST NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
The conveyance of the Royalty Interests to the Trust was accounted for as a purchase transaction. The $87,276,000 reflected in the Statement of Assets and Trust Corpus as Investment in Royalty Interests represents 6,300,000 Trust Units valued at $20 per unit less the $38,724,000 paid for the Treasury obligations. The carrying value of the Trust's investment in the Royalty Interests is not necessarily indicative of the fair value of such Royalty Interests.
The Trust is a grantor trust and as such is not subject to income taxes and accordingly no recognition has been given to income taxes in the Trust's financial statements. The tax consequences of owning Trust Units are included in the income tax returns of the individual Trust Unit holders.
During 1993 net cash proceeds (before deducting Trust expenses) exceeded cash distributions by $125,000. In order to pay current Trust expenses Santa Fe advanced the Trust $55,000, which amount was due to Santa Fe at December 31, 1993.
(3) THE ROYALTY INTERESTS
The Wasson Royalties consist of interests conveyed out of Santa Fe's royalty interest in the Wasson ODC Unit (the 'ODC Royalty') and the Wasson Willard Unit (the 'Willard Royalty'). The ODC Royalty entitles the Trust to receive quarterly royalty payments with respect to 1