ffect on the Company or consolidated HECO.
HELCO RELIABILITY INVESTIGATION
In July 1991, following service interruptions and rolling blackouts instituted on the island of Hawaii, the PUC issued an order calling for an investigation into the reliability of HELCO's system.
An evidentiary hearing was held in September 1991 and public hearings were held in October 1991. In light of approximately 20 subsequent incidents of rolling blackouts and service interruptions resulting from insufficient generation margin, further evidentiary hearings were held in July 1992. With the input from an independent consultant and the parties to the proceedings, the PUC may formulate minimum reliability standards for HELCO, use the standards to assess HELCO's system reliability, and re-examine the rate increase approved in October 1992 to see whether any adjustments are appropriate.
HELCO's generation margin has improved with the addition of a 20-MW combustion turbine in August 1992, PGV's commencement of commercial operations and Hamakua's temporary return to commercial operation (see "Item 1. Business--Electric utility-Nonutility generation"). HELCO is proceeding with plans to install two 20-MW combustion turbines in 1995, followed by an 18-MW heat steam recovery generator in 1997, at which time these units will be converted to a combined-cycle unit, subject in each case to obtaining necessary permits.
In the opinion of management, the PUC's adjustment, if any, resulting from the reliability investigation will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's or HECO's consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
HECO POWER PURCHASE AGREEMENTS DISPUTES
HECO is disputing certain amounts billed each month under its power purchase agreements with Kalaeloa Partners, L.P. (Kalaeloa) and AES Barbers Point, Inc. (AES-BP) and has withheld payment of some of the disputed amounts pending resolution. With respect to the billings from Kalaeloa, HECO believes that it has counterclaim