d Flacke II.
Residents in the vicinity of the Company's former Philadelphia lead chemicals plant commenced a class action allegedly comprised of over 7,500 individuals seeking medical monitoring and damages allegedly caused by emissions from the plant. Wagner, et al. v. Anzon and NL Industries, Inc., No. 87-4420, Court of Common Pleas, Philadelphia County. The complaint seeks compensatory and punitive damages from the Company and the current owner of the plant, and alleges causes of action for, among other things, negligence, strict liability, and nuisance. A class was certified to include persons who reside, owned or rented property, or who work or have worked within up to approximately three- quarters of a mile from the plant from 1960 through the present. The Company has answered the complaint, denying liability. The case is in discovery. Residents also filed consolidated actions in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Shinozaki v. Anzon, Inc. and Wagner and Antczak v. Anzon and NL Industries, Inc. Nos. 87-3441 and 87-3502. The consolidated action is a putative class action seeking CERCLA response costs, including cleanup and medical monitoring, declaratory and injunctive relief and civil penalties for alleged violations of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"), and also asserting pendent common law claims for strict liability, trespass, nuisance and punitive damages. The court dismissed the common law claims without prejudice, dismissed two of the three RCRA claims as against the Company with prejudice, and stayed the case pending the outcome of the state court litigation. The trial is set for June 1994.
In July 1991, a complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, United States of America v. Peter Gull and NL Industries, Inc., Civ. No. 91-4098. The complaint seeks to recover $2 million in costs incurred by the United States in response to the alleged release of