nt growth by the State in addition to a general slowdown in economic growth. Florida communities are still adjusting to new land development rules, which have created dislocations in the real estate markets. Counties which are served by the Group banks have adopted comprehensive plans, mandated by the State, which require certain infrastructure to be in place before development can begin. This effort by the State to control growth is having the effect, at least in the near-term, of significantly restricting development in certain markets.
The general deterioration in economic conditions, particularly in the real estate market, during the period 1990 to 1993, has resulted in refinement of underwriting standards and a sharper focus on credit quality. Lending is a major component of the Company's business and is key to profitability. While management strives to grow the Company's loan portfolio, it can do so only by adhering to sound banking principles applied in a prudent and consistent manner. Management is hopeful 1994 will show signs of economic improvement, affording opportunities to increase loans outstanding and enhance the portfolio's overall contribution to earnings.
The composition of the Company's loan portfolio at December 31, for each of the past five years is shown in Table 5. Consistent with bank regulatory reporting requirements, Bankers' Acceptances purchased (as opposed to originated) and Term Federal Funds (funds placed with another financial institution generally having a maturity of less than 90 days) are classified as loans and included in the commercial loan category. Management views these instruments not as loans but as investment alternatives in managing short-term liquidity. Bankers' Acceptances and Term Federal Funds, combined, totalled $6.5 million at December 31, 1993 and $14.7 million at December 31, 1992. Exclusive of Bankers' Acceptances and Term Federal Funds, commercial loans were flat and total loans increased $36.6 million.
Table 5
