ons for medical care benefits include an escalation in the retirees share of claims obligations that is expected to follow the trend of claims net of Medicare reimbursements. The substantive plan was amended during 1993 to substantially modify
SOUTHERN UNION COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) the cost-sharing provisions to decrease the employer's share of expected future claims and make certain other plan changes. During 1992, the Company discontinued offering postretirement medical benefits to dependents to the future retirees after age 65 and employees hired after December 31, 1992.
The funding policy is to pay claims as they arise from a tax-exempt trust through 1999. In addition, contributions are currently being made to a separate account within the pension plan to accumulate assets sufficient to fund claims arising after 1999. Assets held in the tax-exempt trust include primarily short-term obligations. Assets held in the separate account within the retirement plan include cash funds, bond funds and stock funds. Non-benefit liabilities are limited to expenses associated with plan operation and administration.
The components of net postretirement benefit cost for the year ended December 31, 1993 consisted of the following:
The following is a reconciliation of the funded status of the postretirement benefit plan and accrued postretirement liabilities as of December 31, 1993.
For purposes of computing the 1993 net periodic cost and transition obligation, the assumed health care cost trend rate used to measure expected cost benefits covered by the plan was 13.7%, gradually decreasing to 7% in year 17 of the projection. For purposes of the December 31, 1993 benefit obligations, the health care cost trend rate was 10% for the first seven years of the projection, thereafter decreasing by .25% per year, reaching 7% in year 18 of the projection. The weighted average assumed discount rate was 9% for purposes of the 1993 net p