ITEM 1. BUSINESS
OVERVIEW
Robert Half International Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, primarily operates the nation's largest staffing services organization specializing in the accounting, financial, tax and banking fields. The Company operates through offices in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Belgium and France, offering permanent and temporary personnel services under the names ROBERT HALF-R-and ACCOUNTEMPS-R-, respectively. Currently, the Company operates 153 offices and an additional 7 offices are operated by independent franchisees. The Company also places high-end office and administrative professionals (under the name OFFICETEAM-R-).
ACCOUNTING, FINANCIAL, TAX AND BANKING SERVICES
The Company provides skilled personnel to virtually all industries for a wide range of accounting, financial, tax, banking and data processing positions. The Company's office network maintains an interoffice referral system which enables the offices to cooperate in fulfilling a client's permanent and temporary employment requirements. The ROBERT HALF permanent placement services complement the ACCOUNTEMPS temporary staffing services by providing customers the ability to obtain both temporary and permanent employees from one source and by attracting applicants for permanent positions who are often willing to accept temporary positions during their search for permanent employment.
The ACCOUNTEMPS temporary services division offers customers a reliable and economical means of dealing with uneven or peak work loads caused by such predictable events as vacations, taking inventories, tax work, month-end activities and special projects and such unpredictable events as illnesses and emergencies. Businesses increasingly view the use of temporary employees as a means of controlling personnel costs and converting such costs from fixed to variable. The cost and inconvenience to clients of hiring and firing permanent employees are eliminated by the use of ACCOUNTEMPS 