oduces large diameter steel pipe ranging from 20 to 42 inches with maximum wall thickness limited to about 70% of that produced at the Napa Pipe Mill. The pipe can be produced in lengths up to 80 feet. Unlike the Napa Pipe Mill, this mill has one finishing section and can produce one size pipe at a time.
The Company's large diameter pipe is used primarily in pressurized underground or underwater oil and gas pipelines where quality is critical.
The Camrose Facility also produces ERW pipe in sizes 4.5 inches through 16 inches outside diameter. The pipe is manufactured using coiled skelp rolled on a high frequency electric resistance weld mill. The principal customers for this product are oil and gas companies for gathering lines to supply product to feed larger pipeline systems.
CF&I Steel Division
The Pueblo Steel Mill produces carbon, head hardened and alloy premium rail in accordance with the latest specifications of the American Railway Engineering Association. Rails are manufactured in the five most popular rail weights (115 lb/yard through 136 lb/yard), in all lengths as well as quarter mile welded strings. The Pueblo Steel Mill is the sole manufacturer of rails west of the Mississippi River.
OCTG is produced at the Pueblo Steel Mill and consists of seamless casing, coupling stock, standard and line pipe. Oil country casing is used as a structural retainer for the walls of oil or gas wells. Standard and line pipe are used to conduct liquids and gasses above ground. The Company's seamless tube mill is equipped to produce the most widely used sizes of OCTG (2-3/8 inches outside diameter through 10-3/4 inches outside diameter) in all lengths according to the latest specifications of the American Petroleum Institute ("API"). The Company's production capability includes both carbon and high strength (quench and tempered) tubular products. The Pueblo Steel Mill also sells semi-finished OCTG ("green tubes") for processing and finishing by third parties.
The rolled prod