 terminated the lease (which was to expire in November 2000) for a fee of approximately $1.2 million (including arrearages). The Partnership is currently seeking a replacement tenant for the vacated space (14,700 square feet). The Midtown Manhattan office rental market remains very competitive.
(iii) South Tower
In June 1985, the Partnership acquired an interest in a joint venture partnership ("South Tower") which owns a 44-story office building in Los Angeles, California. The joint venture partners of the Partnership include Carlyle Real Estate Limited Partnership-XIV ("Affiliated Partner"), one of the sellers of the interests in South Tower, and another unaffiliated venture partner.
The Partnership and the Affiliated Partner purchased their interests for $61,592,000. In addition, the Partnership and the Affiliated Partner made capital contributions to South Tower totaling $48,400,000 for general working capital requirements and certain other obligations of South Tower. The Partnership's share of the purchase price, capital contributions (net of additional financing) and interest thereon totaled $53,179,000.
CARLYLE REAL ESTATE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - XV
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
The terms of the South Tower agreement generally provide that the Partnership and Affiliated Partner's aggregate share of the South Tower's annual cash flow, net sale or refinancing proceeds, and profits and losses are to be distributed or allocated to the Partnership and the Affiliated Partner in proportion to their aggregate capital contributions.
Annual cash flow will be distributed 80% to the Partnership and Affiliated Partner and 20% to another partner until the Partnership and the Affiliated Partner have received, in the aggregate, a cumulative preferred return of $8,050,000 per annum. The remaining cash flow is to be distributable 49.99% to the Partnership and the Affiliated Partner, and the balance to the other joint venture partners. Additional contribut