riginal underwriting indicated loan-to-value ratios for the Bank's multi-family and commercial loans that ranged from 25% to 86% with an average loan-to-value ratio of 71.5% at the time of origination. To minimize the risks involved in originating these loans, Management considered, among other things, the creditworthiness of borrowers (although most of the Nationwide loans have been without recourse against the borrowers), the location of the real estate, the condition and occupancy levels of the real estate collateral, as well as the competitive marketplace and operating results of the property. To ensure that the loan documents complied with applicable state laws, all transactions were reviewed and closed by local law firms. Most of the loans were referred to the Bank by mortgage brokerage firms. Referring mortgage brokers were paid by the borrowers.
All multi-family and commercial real estate loans were approved by the loan committee of the board of directors. Any loan of $5.0 million or more was reviewed and approved by the entire Board of Directors.
The Bank has implemented new credit administration procedures for its Nationwide loans in recent years. The credit administration procedures require annual inspections of the real estate serving as collateral for such loans (or more frequent if the Bank deems warranted) and an analysis of the borrowers' operating statements. Also, each Nationwide loan is assigned to a portfolio administrator who has responsibility to monitor and analyze specific geographic areas of the country. The Bank's credit administration procedures require preparation and maintenance of comprehensive credit analyses on all Nationwide loans. Independent appraisals are obtained in accordance with federal regulations or as deemed warranted by Management.
The Bank's multi-family loans are secured by apartment buildings and complexes. These loans range in amount from $20,000 to $26.6 million, and the apartment complexes securing the loans contain 