 Wasson Royalties may not be sold by the Trust without the consent of Santa Fe.
THE NET PROFITS PROPERTIES
The Royalty Properties burdened by the Net Profits Royalties consist of royalty and working interests in a diversified portfolio of producing properties located in established oil and gas producing areas in 12 states. Over 90% of the discounted present value of estimated future net revenues attributable to the Net Profits Royalties is generated from Net Profits Properties located in Texas, Oklahoma and Louisiana and related state waters. No single property or field accounts for more than 7% of the estimated future net revenues attributable to the Net Profits Royalties. The Net Profits Properties generally consist of mature producing properties and Santa Fe does not anticipate substantial additional development during the producing lives of these properties. Production attributable to the Net Profits Properties is principally sold at market responsive prices.
Santa Fe owns the Net Profits Properties subject to and burdened by the Net Profits Royalties, and is entitled to proceeds attributable to its ownership interest in excess of 90% of the Net Proceeds paid to the Trust. Santa Fe is required to receive payments representing the sale of production from the Net Profits Properties, deduct the costs described above and pay 90% of the net amount to the Trust. Santa Fe may sell the Net Profits Properties subject to and burdened by the Net Profits Royalties. In addition, Santa Fe may, subject to certain limitations, cause the Trust to release portions of the Net Profits Royalties in connection with the sale of the underlying Net Profits Properties.
Santa Fe estimates that as of December 31, 1993, the Net Profits Properties covered approximately 246,000 gross acres (approximately 36,000 net to Santa Fe). Productive well information generally is not made available by operators to owners of royalties and overriding royalties. Accordingly, such information is unavailable