ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS. The Company was incorporated in 1901 as the successor to a partnership formed in 1883 at Carthage, Missouri. That partnership was a pioneer in the manufacture and sale of steel coil bedsprings. Products produced and sold for the furnishings industry constitute the largest portion of the Company's business. These include primarily components used by companies making furniture and bedding for homes, offices and institutions. Also in the furnishings area, the Company produces and sells some finished furniture and carpet cushioning materials. In addition, a group of diversified products is produced and sold. The Company believes it is the largest producer of a diverse range of furniture and bedding components in the United States. The term "Company," unless the context requires otherwise, refers to Leggett & Platt, Incorporated and its majority owned subsidiaries.
The Company completed several acquisitions during 1993, primarily businesses engaged in manufacturing components for the furnishings industry and raw materials used by the Company in the manufacture of its products.
In September 1993 the Company acquired Hanes Holding Company ("Hanes"), headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Hanes is a converter and distributor of woven and nonwoven construction fabrics, primarily in the furnishings industry. Hanes also is a commission dye/finisher of nonfashion fabrics for the furnishings and apparel industries. Immediately following the Company's acquisition of Hanes, the Company (through Hanes) completed the acquisition of VWR Textiles & Supplies, Inc., which converts and distributes woven and nonwoven construction fabrics and manufactures other soft goods components for sale to manufacturers of furniture and bedding.
Also, in September 1993 the Company acquired full ownership of several wire drawing mills which had been previously jointly owned.
For further information concerning acquisitions reference is made to N