); a television station (with one satellite station) located in Green Bay, Wisconsin (WFRV-TV); two radio stations located in Minneapolis, Minnesota (WCCO-AM and WLTE-FM); and Midwest Cable & Satellite, which operates Midwest Sports Channel, a supplier of regional sports programming. This transaction was consummated at a price of $177.0 through the issuance of $36.8 of the Company's common stock, valued at an exchange price of $160 per share (the market value of the Company's common stock on the closing date was $144 per share), and the assumption and immediate pay-down of $140.2 of Midwest's debt and other liabilities.
In March 1992, the Company acquired for $27.0 the 50 percent interest of MTM Studios, Ltd. in the CBS/MTM Partnership, which operated television and film production facilities in Los Angeles, California. The acquisition of this interest also included the assumption of MTM's partnership mortgage indebtedness. The Company is the sole owner of these television and film production facilities and is obligated for the entire mortgage indebtedness (note 8).
These acquisitions were accounted for by the purchase method and the results of their operations from the respective dates of acquisition are included in the accompanying financial statements. Had the acquisitions occurred on January 1, 1991, consolidated results of operations for 1992 and 1991 would not have been materially different.
-28 (Page 2 of 2)- 3. Major League Baseball and National Football League Television Contracts (Dollars in millions)
In 1991, the Company recorded a $322.0 pretax provision, reflected in cost of sales, for losses over the remaining lives of its Major League Baseball and National Football League television contracts. This provision was in addition to a $282.0 pretax loss on the baseball contract recorded in 1990 and reflected the severely depressed condition of the television sports marketplace. The remaining balances of the loss accruals, recorded to reduce these contracts 