systems) of $2,740,000 approximate 40% of the total assets of the Partnership at December 31, 1993.
Several of the cable television system operators the Partnership provided financing to have experienced financial difficulties. These difficulties are believed to have been caused by several factors such as: a significant reduction in the availability of debt from banks and other financial institutions to finance acquisitions and operations, uncertainties related to future government regulation in the cable television industry and the economic recession in the United States. These factors have resulted in a significant decline in the demand for the acquisition of cable systems and have further caused an overall decrease in the value of many cable television systems.
The Partnership has acquired equipment pursuant to either "Operating" leases or "Full Payout" leases. The Partnership has also provided and intends to provide financing secured by assets in the form of notes receivable. Operating leases are generally short-term leases under which the lessor will receive aggregate rental payments in an amount that is less than the purchase price of the equipment. Full Payout leases are generally for a longer term under which the non-cancellable rental payments due during the initial term of the lease are at least sufficient to recover the purchase price of the equipment.
The General Partner has concentrated the Partnership's activities in the equipment leasing and financing industry, an area in which the General Partner has developed an expertise. The computer equipment leasing industry is extremely competitive. The Partnership competes with many well established companies having substantially greater financial resources. Competitive factors include pricing, technological innovation and methods of financing (including use of various short-term and long-term financing plans, as well as the outright purchase of equipment).
Although IBM is still a dominant factor in the comput