e Association competes by supplying efficient and quality service, offering and charging competitive interest rates and fees, and providing convenient branch locations with extended banking hours and 24 hour automated teller service.
Northeast Savings' operations, like those of other financial institutions, are significantly influenced by general economic conditions. Deposit flows and the cost of funds to the Association are influenced by interest rates on competing investments and general market interest rates. The Association's loan volume, loan yields, and loan prepayments are also impacted by market interest rates on loans and other factors which affect the supply of and demand for housing and the availability of funds. In the past several years, a weak economy and real estate market have impacted the ability of borrowers to repay their loans which, in turn, affects the Association's overall level of nonperforming assets. Northeast Savings' operations are further influenced by the policies and regulations of financial institution regulatory authorities such as the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), and the OTS, and by the other monetary, fiscal, legislative, and regulatory policies of the United States government and various state governments.
Most states have adopted legislation which would permit, subject to various conditions and restrictions, banking on an interstate basis. The right to engage in banking on an interstate basis is often restricted to specific states or regions and often includes reciprocity provisions. The location of the financial institution's home office is also generally a factor in determining the extent of the right. In some instances, the legislation applies only to banks and not to savings institutions. With the advent of regional and interstate branching, competitors of the Association may be a