ntrol strategy significantly enhances a customer's ability to achieve optimum quality levels, thus reducing raw material and energy usage, lowering scrappage rates and enhancing the customer's competitive position.
Measurex has a variety of CD control products including AutoSlice(TM), ThermaTrol(TM), AquaTrol(R), Devronizer(TM), InfraTrol(TM), CalTrol(TM), Calcoil(TM), Calendizer(TM), and GlossTrol(TM) actuators.
CD controls can be ordered with new systems or can be integrated into existing installed systems. The CDOpen(TM) System allows Measurex's cross- direction control products to be integrated with non-Measurex measurement systems.
Millwide Information
Measurex's Management Systems Division (MSD), provides plant level computing expertise for production processes. The Division's OptiVISION(TM) Full Spectrum Production and Quality Management System (PQMS) gives Measurex the ability to offer a system that manages processes from long-term planning and order entry through scheduling, product tracking, shipping and invoicing the product. The OptiVISION system provides users with a modular design that reduces development and installation time.
Integrated Machine Monitoring
The Integrated Monitoring System (IMS), marketed as a part of the MXOpen product line, consists of digital systems for on-line process and machine monitoring and analysis of the papermaking process and production machinery. IMS products provide process and machine-condition diagnosis and trending, giving papermakers tools to address maintenance problems before failure.
Web Inspection Systems
The Roibox-developed web inspection system analyzes the moving paper web by measuring the intensity variations of light transmitted through the sheet or reflected from the sheet. The system uses Charge Coupled Device (CCD) camera technology to continuously detect - on line - visual defects in paper or other web-produced material. Like other MXOpen Systems, this web-inspection product helps customers to produce s