and other investors, including certain executive officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries.
Mr. Mizushima, a director of the Company and of Holding, is President and Chief Operating Officer of Daido Hoxan Inc., a Japanese corporation which has an approximately 11 percent limited partnership interest in ASI Partners. Daido Hoxan Inc. is the largest distributor of the Company's plumbing products in Japan. Its transactions as distributor with the Company and its subsidiaries in 1992, which were on customary terms and in the ordinary course of business, were not material to either the Company or Daido Hoxan Inc. The Company also entered into leasing transactions with an affiliate of Daido Hoxan whereby it has leased certain machinery and equipment on financial terms that were comparable to those available from other leasing companies. The leasing transactions were not material to either the Company or Daido Hoxan Inc.
Fidelity Management Trust Company ("Fidelity") is the owner of record of the shares of Holding held by the ESOP, a 17% owner of Holding shares. Fidelity was paid by the Company approximately $180,000 in 1993 for services in connection with administering the Company's ESOP and Savings Plan.
Mr. Nickell's father is an officer and owns more than 10 percent of AC Corporation, a contracting company which purchases air conditioning products from the Company's Trane Division. Such purchases in 1993 were on customary terms and in the ordinary course of business and were not material to either the Company or AC Corporation.
Management Investors Stockholders Agreement
Under the Stockholders Agreement, pursuant to which Management Investors purchased shares of Holding common stock, Holding is obligated to repurchase, subject to the limitations contained in the Company's lending arrangements and debt instruments, such shares at certain fair market prices in case of the death, disability, retirement, or termination of employment of a Management Investo