 Dade County, Florida. The complaint alleges that Messrs. Levan and Abdo breached their fiduciary duties as directors of BankAtlantic by disregarding the rights of minority shareholders under a certain option agreement between BFC and a third party dated April 9, 1986, by taking actions to depress the value of BankAtlantic's stock, by denying access to BankAtlantic's books and records and by allegedly wasting corporate assets. BankAtlantic is a nominal party to the proceeding. Plaintiffs seek punitive damages of $10.0 million, compensatory damages, attorneys' fees, costs and injunctive relief. Discovery is proceeding and the defendants are vigorously defending the action. No trial date has been set.
Counsel has obtained a letter from counsel for plaintiffs in which counsel for plaintiffs conclude that there is insufficient evidence to maintain the claim against the defendants. This matter has been set for jury trial during the two-week period commencing June 6, 1994.
Elliot Borkson, et al vs. BFC Financial Corporation. Circuit Court of the 11th Judicial Circuit in and for Dade County Florida. Case No. 88-11171 (CA 10). In March 1988, a group of approximately 54 shareholders of BankAtlantic filed a class action suit against Registrant alleging Registrant had breached its agreement, contained in an option agreement ("the Pearce Agreement") pursuant to which Registrant had purchased shares of BankAtlantic, to offer to acquire all of the remaining outstanding shares of BankAtlantic at a price equal to the greater of (i) $18 per share or (ii) an amount per share which, in the opinion of an investment banking firm of recognized national standing, is fair to the stockholders of BankAtlantic. Such obligation was subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals and was relieved if there occurred a material adverse change in financial conditions affecting the savings and loan industry. Plaintiffs seek to recover compensatory damages arising from Registrant's alleged br