ith consumer receivables of $18.6 billion, representing approximately 96 percent of Finance and Banking owned receivables and approximately 59 percent of total assets at December 31, 1993, excluding the discontinued commercial product lines. The Company's primary target customer for consumer lending is generally between 25 and 50 years of age with a household income of $15,000 to $50,000. Approximately 82 percent of the Company's Finance and Banking receivables are located in the United States.
Through its consumer lending businesses, the Company competes with banks, thrifts, finance companies and other financial institutions through the offering of a variety of products, a strong service orientation and innovative marketing programs. The Company believes that the fragmented nature of the consumer financial services industry provides ample opportunity for the Company to increase market share, and therefore profitability. The Company has focused on being a low-cost producer in its consumer financial services businesses. Highly automated processing facilities have been developed to support underwriting, loan administration and collection functions across business lines. By supporting its multiple-distribution networks with centralized processing centers, the Company has improved efficiency through specialization and economies of scale. In addition, by removing such functions from branch offices, the Company is able to concentrate on sales activities in the branch offices.
Underwriting and collection of consumer credit products and internal controls over these functions have been improved over the last few years through the segregation of the sales, underwriting and collection functions. For example, loan approvals are handled by non-sales personnel located in regional servicing centers ("RSC") whose primary concern is credit quality, not volume. Underwriting and collections are supported by automated systems which analyze the likelihood of delinquency or bankruptcy. T