pansion of asphalt facilities and installation of Clean Air Act of 1990 and California Air Resources Board regulations compliance upgrades and conversion of the Hercules site to alternative uses.
In addition, Coastal's international operations include a minority interest, through a foreign subsidiary, in a refinery located in Hamburg, Germany which has a refining capacity of 100,000 barrels per day and a storage capacity of 1,800,000 barrels for crude oil and 5,200,000 barrels for products.
The Company's refineries produce a full range of petroleum products ranging from transportation fuels to paving asphalt. The refineries are operated to produce the particular products required by customers within each refinery's geographic area. In 1993, the products emphasized included premium gasolines and products for specialty markets such as petrochemical feedstocks, aviation fuels and asphalt.
MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION
REFINED PRODUCTS MARKETING. Sales volumes for distribution activities of Coastal subsidiaries, including products from Company refineries and purchases from other suppliers, for the three years ended December 31, 1993, are set forth below (thousands of barrels):
Subsidiaries of the Company market refined products and liquefied petroleum gas at wholesale in 36 states through 322 terminals. Coastal Refining & Marketing, Inc. serves customers in the Midwest, Mississippi Valley and the Southwest through 221 product and liquified petroleum gas terminals in 27 states. On the Gulf and East Coasts, Coastal Fuels Marketing, Inc., Coastal Oil New York, Inc. and Coastal Oil New England, Inc. serve home, industry, utility, defense and marine energy needs. In 1993, these subsidiaries' sales volumes were 132 million barrels, which accounted for approximately 45% of the total marketing and distribution sales. Effective January 1, 1994, the refined products marketing operations of these subsidiaries were consolidated into Coastal Refining & Marketing, Inc. International sub