s the prudence of substantially all of the abeyed construction costs. 3. Historical inclusion by the PUCT of prudent construction costs in rate base. 4. The analysis of GSU's internal legal staff, which has considerable experience in Texas rate case litigation.
Additionally, management believes, based on advice from Clark, Thomas & Winters, a Professional Corporation, legal counsel of record in the Rate Appeal, that it is probable that the deferred costs will be allowed. However, assuming the August 1992 court of appeals' opinion in the El Paso Case is upheld and applied to GSU and the deferred River Bend costs currently held in abeyance are not allowed to be recovered in rates as allowable costs, a net-of-tax write-off of up to $171 million could be required. In addition, future revenues based upon the deferred costs previously allowed in rate base could also be lost and no assurance can be given as to whether or not refunds (up to $28 million as of December 31, 1993) of revenue received based upon such deferred costs previously recorded will be required.
See Note 12 of GSU's Notes to Financial Statements, "Entergy Corporation-GSU Merger," for the accounting treatment of preacquistion contingencies, including a River Bend write-down.
Texas Jurisdiction - Fuel Reconciliation. In January 1992, GSU applied with the PUCT for a new fixed fuel factor and requested a final reconciliation of fuel and purchased power costs incurred between December 1, 1986 and September 30, 1991. GSU proposed to recover net underrecoveries and interest (including underrecoveries related to NISCO, discussed below) over a twelve month period. In April 1993, the presiding PUCT ALJ issued a report which concluded that GSU incurred approximately $117 million of nonreimbursable fuel costs on a company-wide basis (approximately $50 million on a Texas retail jurisdictional basis) during the reconciliation period.
Included in the nonreimbursable fuel costs were payments above GSU's avoided cost rate