to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.
The Company is unable to predict the effect, if any, of this uncertainty on its financial condition or results of operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about CooperSurgical's ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if CooperSurgical or its Parent is unable to continue as a going concern.
REVENUE RECOGNITION
CooperSurgical recognizes product revenue when risk of ownership has transferred to the buyer, net of appropriate provisions for sales returns and bad debts.
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES
CooperSurgical is included in the consolidated federal income tax return of the Parent pursuant to a tax-sharing agreement. CooperSurgical state and franchise taxes are de minimis.
In February 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, 'Accounting for Income Taxes.' The Parent and CooperSurgical are required to adopt this method of accounting for income taxes no later than the fiscal year ending October 31, 1994. The Parent anticipates that the adoption of the statement will not have a material impact on CooperSurgical's balance sheet.
COOPERSURGICAL, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
INVENTORIES
Inventories are carried at the lower of cost, determined on an average cost basis, or market.
FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT
Furniture and equipment are carried at cost. Depreciation is computed on the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of depreciable assets.
AMORTIZATION OF INTANGIBLES
Amortization is currently provided on all intangible assets on a straight line basis over periods up to 20 years. Accumulated amortization at October 31, 1993 and 1992 was $831,000 and $541,000, respectively.
NOTE 2. ACQUISITION