sts in each of these units. Santa Fe's production from the Wasson Field commenced in 1939. A secondary waterflooding phase in the Wasson Field began in the early 1960s. The Wasson Field has been significantly redeveloped for tertiary recovery operations utilizing CO2 flooding, which commenced in 1984. Gross capital expenditures in excess of $600 million have been made by all working interest owners in respect of these operations in the Wasson ODC Unit and Wasson Willard Unit. Most of the capital expenditures for
plant, facilities, wells and equipment necessary for such tertiary recovery operations have been made, although significant ongoing capital expenditures for CO 2 acquisition will be required to complete the flood of the Wasson Field, particularly the Wasson Willard Unit. The Wasson Royalties are not subject to development costs or operating costs (including CO2 acquisition costs).
The Wasson ODC Unit and the Wasson Willard Unit are production units formed by the various interest owners in the Wasson Field to facilitate development and production of certain geographically concentrated leases. The Wasson ODC Unit covers approximately 7,840 acres with approximately 315 producing wells and is operated by Amoco Production Company. The Wasson Willard Unit covers approximately 13,520 acres with approximately 338 producing wells and is operated by a subsidiary of Atlantic Richfield Company. Production attributable to Santa Fe's royalty interests in the Wasson ODC Unit and Wasson Willard Unit is marketed by Santa Fe and in some cases is sold at the wellhead at market responsive prices that approximate spot oil prices for West Texas Sour crude, and in other cases is sold at points within common carrier pipeline systems on terms whereby Santa Fe pays the cost of transporting same to such points. Santa Fe may sell its royalty interests in the Wasson Field subject to and burdened by the Wasson Royalties, without the consent of the Trustee of the Trust or the Holders. The