cial Accounting Standards No. 109, 'Accounting for Income Taxes.' Cooper and the Company are required to adopt the new method of accounting for income taxes no later than the fiscal year ending October 31, 1994. Neither the Company nor Cooper has completed an analysis to estimate the impact of the statement on the Company's consolidated financial statements.
H. DEPENDENCE UPON COOPER
The Company has incurred losses and negative cash flows since May 30, 1992, and has a working capital deficiency at October 31, 1993 which includes a liability to Cooper of $6,082,000. Cooper has provided the Company with cash advances to meet its cash needs. The independent auditors, report dated January 24, 1994 on Cooper's October 31, 1993 consolidated financial statements includes the following explanatory paragraph:
'The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. During the past three fiscal years, the Company has suffered significant losses and negative cash flows. In addition, as discussed in Note 18 to the financial statements the Company is exposed to contingent liabilities relatated to a criminal conviction and a Securities and Exchange Commission action. Such losses, negative cash flows and contingent liabilities raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.'
HOSPITAL GROUP OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED) PERIODS FROM MAY 1, 1991 TO MAY 31, 1991 AND JUNE 1, 1991 TO MAY 29, 1992
The Company is unable to predict the effect, if any, of the uncertainty concerning Cooper's ability to continue as a going concern on its financial condition or results of operations. The aforementioned factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a