elating to (i) internal controls, information systems, and internal audit systems; (ii) loan documentation; (iii) credit underwriting; (iv) interest rate exposure; (v) asset growth; and (vi) compensation and benefit standards for officers, directors, employees and principal shareholders. In November 1993, the OTS, along with the other federal banking agencies, published revised proposed regulations for the purpose of implementing this provision of FDICIA. As proposed, savings institutions, such as St. Paul Federal, would be required, among other things, to maintain a ratio of classified assets to total risk-based capital and allowances for loan losses not eligible for inclusion in risk-based capital that is no greater than 1.0. At December 31, 1993, St. Paul Federal had a ratio of classified assets to total risk-based capital and ineligible allowances of 65.6%. The proposed regulations also would impose safety and soundness standards on holding companies such as the Company. Under the proposed regulations, an institution or holding not meeting one or more of the safety and soundness standards would be required to file a compliance plan with the appropriate federal banking agency. In the event that an institution or holding company fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan or fails in any material respect to implement an accepted compliance plan within the time allowed by the agency, the institution or holding company would be required to correct the deficiency and the appropriate federal agency would also be authorized to: (1) restrict asset growth; (2) require the institution or holding company to increase its ratio of tangible equity to assets; (3) restrict the rates of interest that the institution may pay; or (4) take any other action that would better carry out the purpose of the corrective action. Until adopted in final form, the Company is unable to predict the precise effect of these regulations on the Company or the Bank.
Qualified Thrift Lender Require