uary 1989 Firstar adopted a shareholder rights plan. Under the rights plan each share of common stock entitles its holder to one-half right. Under certain conditions, each right entitles the holder to purchase one one- hundredth of a share of series C preferred stock at a price of $85, subject to adjustment. The rights will only be exercisable if a person or group has acquired, or announced an intention to acquire, 20% or more of the outstanding shares of Firstar common stock. Under certain circumstances, including the existence of a 20% acquiring party, each holder of a right, other than the acquiring party, will be entitled to purchase at the exercise price Firstar common shares having a market value of two times the exercise price. In the event of the acquisition of Firstar by another company subsequent to a party acquiring 20% or more of Firstar common stock, each holder of a right is entitled to receive the acquiring company's common shares having a market value of two times the exercise price. The rights may be redeemed at a price of $.01 per right prior to the existence of a 20% acquiring party, and thereafter, may be exchanged for one common share per right prior to the existence of a 50% acquiring party. The rights will expire on January 19, 1999. The rights do not have voting or dividend rights and until they become exercisable, have no dilutive effect on the earnings of Firstar. Under the rights plan, the Board of Directors of Firstar may reduce the thresholds applicable to the rights from 20% to not less than 10%.
Preferred shares, when issued, rank prior to common shares both as to dividends and liquidation but have no general voting rights. The series C preferred stock, none of which is outstanding, is entitled to 100 votes per share and other rights such that the value of a one one-hundredth interest in a series C preferred share should approximate the value of one common share.
In conjunction with long-term incentive plans, 30,235 shares of restricte