 to federal, state or local income taxes, the Company will pay Mr. Simon the amount of such additional taxes plus such additional amount as will be reasonable to hold him harmless from the obligation to pay such taxes.
Pursuant to this employment agreement, Mr. Simon was granted stock options on July 31, 1992 to purchase 330,000 shares of Common Stock. Such stock options are exercisable with respect to 110,000 shares at the end of each of the first, second and third years of his employment, provided his employment has not been terminated by such date.
This employment agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time, with or without cause. If the agreement is terminated by the Company prior to the expiration of the initial three-year term
without cause, or if Mr. Simon resigns because of circumstances amounting to constructive termination of employment, severance would be paid in a single lump sum equal to one-year's base salary or, if greater, the base salary that would have been payable over the remainder of the initial term. All stock options would become fully vested and remain exercisable for 90 days after termination or, if longer, until the expiration of the initial three year term. Any bonus awarded for the year of termination would be prorated. If the Company does not terminate the agreement prior to the expiration thereof, but elects not to extend the agreement beyond the initial term, severance would be payable in a single lump sum equal to one-year's base salary. If the agreement is terminated by the Company for cause (as such term is defined in the employment agreement), or if Mr. Simon resigns voluntarily under circumstances not amounting to a constructive termination of employment, no benefits are payable other than accrued but unpaid salary.
Employment Agreements Subsequent to the Plan
As of December 31, 1992, Mr. Elwood and the Company executed an employment agreement which has a term of one year. This employment agreement provides for an annua