ectors declared a distribution of one Preferred Stock Purchase Right for each share of common stock outstanding. Each right will entitle the holder to buy from the Company a unit consisting of 1/100 of a share of Junior Participating Preferred Stock, Series A, at an exercise price of $70 per unit. The rights become exercisable ten days after public announcement that a person or group has acquired 20 percent or more of the Company's common stock or has commenced a tender offer for 30 percent or more of common stock. The rights may be redeemed prior to becoming exercisable by action of the Board of Directors at a redemption price of $0.025 per right. If more than 35 percent of the Company's common stock becomes held by a beneficial owner, other than pursuant to an offer deemed in the best interest of the shareholders by the Company's independent directors, each right may be exercised for common stock, or other property, of the Company having a value of twice the exercise price of each right. If the Company is acquired by any person after the rights become exercisable, each right will entitle its holder to receive common stock of the acquiring company having a market value of twice the exercise price of each right. The rights expire on May 4, 1997.
Employee Stock Savings Plan
Up to 600,000 shares of the Company's common stock are reserved for issuance under the Company's Employee Stock Savings Plan. (See Note 11)
Common Stock Warrants
In July 1993, the Company issued warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of its common stock at $9.02 per share (subject to adjustment in certain events), to one of its senior lenders in connection with the restructuring of its senior credit facilities. The warrants are exercisable on or before December 31, 1998.
Note 10 Operations by Industry Segment and Geographic Area
The Company classifies its continuing operations into four business segments: Morse Controls; Pumps, Power Transmission & Controls; Turbomachinery, and Other. Detailed inform