President Reid A. Reynolds
Marvin H. Chudnoff (April 1941) joined Balcor in March 1990 as Chairman. He has responsibility for all strategic planning and implementation for Balcor, including management of all real estate projects in place and financing and sales for a varied national portfolio valued in excess of $6.5 billion. Mr. Chudnoff also holds the position of Vice Chairman of Edward S. Gordon Company Incorporated, New York, a major national commercial real estate firm, which he joined in 1983. He has also served on the Board of Directors of Skippers, Inc. and Acorn Inc., both publicly held companies, and of Waxman Laboratories of Mt. Sinai Hospital, New York. Mr. Chudnoff has been a guest lecturer at the Association of the New York Bar and at Yale and Columbia Universities.
Thomas E. Meador (July 1947) joined Balcor in July 1979. He is President and Chief Operating Officer and has responsibility for all ongoing day-to-day activities at Balcor. He is a Director of The Balcor Company. Prior to joining Balcor, Mr. Meador was employed at the Harris Trust and Savings Bank in the commercial real estate division where he was involved in various lending activities. Mr. Meador received his M.B.A. degree from the Indiana University Graduate School of Business.
Allan Wood (January 1949) joined Balcor in August 1983 and, as Balcor's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, is responsible for all financial and administrative functions. He is directly responsible for all accounting, treasury, data processing, legal, risk management, tax and financial reporting activities. He is also a Director of The Balcor Company. Mr. Wood is a Certified Public Accountant. Prior to joining Balcor, he was employed by Price Waterhouse where he was involved in auditing public and private companies.
Alexander J. Darragh (February 1955) joined Balcor in September 1988 and has primary responsibility for the Portfolio Advisory Group. He is responsible for due diligence analysis in s