d or supplemented to the date of such admission.
C. A Partner shall have no liability hereunder (including, but not limited to, any liability as a surety but excluding liability for the repayment of any outstanding principal and interest on loans made by the Partnership to such Partner) for any obligations accruing under or in connection with the Partnership and relating to events occurring after such Partner shall have sold, assigned or transferred its entire Partnership interest.
11. Dissolution of the Partnership.
A. No act, thing, occurrence, event or circumstance shall cause or result in the dissolution of the Partnership, except the matters specified in subsection B below. Without limitation on the other provisions hereof, the admission of a new Partner shall not work a dissolution of the Partnership. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Partner agrees that, without the consent of the other Partner, a Partner may not withdraw from or cause a voluntary dissolution of the Partnership.
B. The happening of any one of the following events shall work a dissolution of the Partnership:
(I) The death, bankruptcy, resignation, retirement, legal incapacity, dissolution, termination or withdrawal of the last remaining General Partner;
(2) The sale or other disposition of all of the Partnership's assets (including purchase money security interest), all liabilities and obligations of the Partnership have been paid and satisfied and the purposes of the Partnership have been completed; reduction to cash or cash equivalents of all of the assets of the Partnership;
(3) The unanimous agreement, in writing, of all of the Partners to dissolve the Partnership;
(4) The termination of the term of the Partnership pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement; or
(5) The happening of any other event causing a dissolution of the Partnership under the Act (other than an event of withdrawal of the General Partner as set forth in Section 17-402(5) of the Act or any similar or suc