t protection, d) broad margins in earnings coverage of fixed financial charges and high internal cash generation and e) well established access to a range of financial markets and assured sources of alternate liquidity. Earnings trends and coverage ratios, while sound, may be more subject to variation. Capitalization characteristics, while still appropriate, may be more affected by external conditions. Ample alternate liquidity is maintained.
(3) Duff & Phelps. Debt rated BBB+ is regarded as having below average protection factors, but still considered sufficient for prudent investment. There may be considerable variability in risk during economic cycles.
Debt rated A or A- is considered to have protection factors that are average but adequate. However, risk factors are more variable and greater in periods of economic stress.
Commercial paper rated Duff 1- indicates a high certainty of timely payment. Liquidity factors are strong and supported by good fundamental protection factors. Risk factors are very small.
Each security rating listed above is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
Neither HEI nor HECO management can predict with certainty future rating agency actions or their effects on the future cost of capital of HEI or HECO.
ELECTRIC UTILITY
HECO AND SUBSIDIARIES AND SERVICE AREAS
HECO, MECO and HELCO are regulated operating electric public utilities engaged in the production, purchase, transmission, distribution and sale of electricity on the islands of Oahu; Maui, Lanai and Molokai; and Hawaii, respectively. HECO acquired MECO in 1968 and HELCO in 1970.
In 1993, the electric utilities contributed approximately 77% of HEI's consolidated revenues from continuing operations and approximately 76% of HEI's consolidated operating income from continuing operations, excluding unallocated co