his Agreement for any reason other than Section G3 above, the Employee shall have a thirty (30) day option to satisfy the Collateral Assignment regarding the policy held by the Employer in accordance with the terms of this Paragraph H. The amount necessary to satisfy such Collateral Assignment shall be an amount equal to the total premium payments made by the Employer, plus any excess amounts as determined in Section E, above, but no greater than the amount of cash value under the Policy and, at the option of the Employee, either shall be paid directly by the Employee or through the Employer's collection from the cash value of the Policy.
If the Policy shall then be encumbered by assignment, policy loan, or other means which have been the result of the Employer's actions, the Employer shall either remove such encumbrance, or reduce the amount necessary to satisfy the Collateral Assignment by the total amount of indebtedness outstanding against the Policy. If the Employee exercises his option to satisfy the Collateral Assignment, the Employer shall execute all necessary documents required by the Insurer to remove and satisfy the Collateral Assignment outstanding on the Policy. If the Employee does not exercise his option to satisfy the Collateral Assignment outstanding on the Policy, the Employee shall execute all documents necessary to transfer ownership of the Policy to the Employer. Such transfer shall constitute satisfaction of any obligation the Employee has to the Employer with respect to this Agreement. The Employer shall then pay to the Employee the amount, if any, by which the cash surrender value of the Policy exceeds the amount necessary to satisfy the Collateral Assignment.
I. Employee's Right to Assign His/Her Interest Employee agrees not to sell, assign, surrender or otherwise terminate the policy while this Agreement is in effect without the consent of the Employer.
J. Insurer's Obligations The Insurer is not a party to this Agreement. It is understood