rrent balance. Title to the property was not conveyed at that time pending resolution of certain general development obligations of the venture and certain environmental issues. The Partnership has been negotiating with the lender regarding the scope of the development work required to be done and does not anticipate the associated costs to be significant. With respect to the environmental issues, the previous owner remains obligated to undertake the clean up pursuant to, among other things, a surviving obligation under the purchase and sale agreement. During January 1994, the Florida Department of Environmental Protection approved the first phase of a three phase environmental clean-up program. However, no substantial clean-up has occurred to date. If the previous owner is unable to fulfill its obligations as they relate to this environmental issue, the resolution of the environmental issue and its related costs may become an obligation of the venture and ultimately the Partnership. Should this occur, the Partnership does not anticipate the cost of this clean-up to be material to its operations. The lender has recently asserted the mortgage loan is with recourse to the joint venture partners as a result of the partners' failure to perform in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. The Partnership believes this claim is without merit and will vigorously defend itself against this allegation. The transfer of title, when fully consummated, will not have a significant impact on the Partnership's operations for financial reporting purposes due to the prior payment of the financial guarantees and certain holding costs. However, the Partnership will recognize a loss for Federal income tax purposes.
In anticipation of its future development plans, the Partnership is currently in the process of obtaining permits for development of Increment III of its Weston Community, portions of which are environmentally sensitive areas that may be subject to protection as wetlan