icant off-balance sheet financial agreements at December 31, 1993 and 1992 follows:
Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is not a violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
Credit card commitments are unsecured agreements to extend credit. Such commitments are reviewed periodically, at which time the commitments may be maintained, increased, decreased or canceled depending upon evaluation of the customer's credit worthiness and other considerations.
Standby and commercial letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by Firstar to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing and similar transactions.
Firstar originates and sells residential mortgage loans as a part of various mortgage-backed security programs sponsored by United States government agencies or government-sponsored agencies, such as the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Government National Mortgage Association. These sales are often subject to certain recourse provisions in the event of default by the borrower.
Other financial instruments include agreements to purchase or sell investment securities and agreements to purchase or sell foreign currency.
Firstar enters into both mandatory and optional commitments to sell groups of residential mortgage loans that it originates or purchases as part of its mortgage banking activities. Firstar commits to sell the loans at specified prices in a future period typically within 90 days. The risk associated with these commitments