tigations and disputes including the tentative settlement of Guenther v. Cooper Life Sciences, Inc. et. al.
In April 1992, Frederick R. Adler, a former director of the Company at that time, notified the Company that he would solicit proxies to elect his own slate of nominees at the 1992 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 'Annual Meeting'), in opposition to the Board's nominees to the Board of Directors (the 'Proxy Contest'). On June 15, 1992, Mr. Adler and the Company entered into a settlement agreement with respect to the Proxy Contest pursuant to which the Board of Directors set the size of the Board at nine members, effective as of the Annual Meeting, and nominated Mr. Adler and Louis A. Craco, a partner in the law firm of Willkie, Farr & Gallagher, for election to the Board together with the Board's seven other nominees, Arthur C. Bass, Allen H. Collins, M.D., Joseph C. Feghali, Mark A. Filler, Michael H. Kalkstein, Allan E. Rubenstein, M.D., and Robert S. Weiss. The settlement agreement provided for the replacement of Mr. Adler by one of three designated persons if he was unable or unwilling to serve as a director following his election at the Annual Meeting. In December
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
1992, Mr. Adler resigned from the Company's Board of Directors and designated Michael R. Golding, M.D., as his replacement. As part of the settlement, in which the parties exchanged mutual releases of claims arising out of the Proxy Contest and litigation brought in connection therewith, Mr. Adler agreed, among other things, not to solicit proxies in opposition to the election of the Board's nine nominees at the Annual Meeting and not to take any action to call a special meeting of stockholders or solicit stockholder consents with respect to the election or removal of directors prior to the 1993 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company. The Company also reimbursed Mr. Adler for $348,000 o