rease in taxes as the result of the change in the tax rate which increased Transportation's taxes by $5 million and Terminals' taxes by $3 million. Income before the cumulative effect of accounting changes in 1992 decreased $1 million from 1991.
Transportation's 1993 income from operations increased 7% over 1992 as higher revenues and lower ownership costs were somewhat offset by increased fleet repair expenses. Ownership costs, consisting of rental expense, depreciation and interest, decreased slightly despite an increased fleet size due to lower interest rates, debt refinancings and interest rate swaps which were executed to more closely match Transportation's debt with the railcar lease terms. Terminals' 1993 income from operations increased 24% from the prior year. Higher revenues, reduced interest expense reflecting lower interest rates and debt refinancings, and improved margins were partially offset by higher SG&A expense and decreased earnings at foreign affiliates.
Transportation's 1992 income from operations decreased 11% from 1991 as operating margins continued to decline. The gain in 1991 from the sale of its Mexican affiliates further adversely affected the comparison of 1992 results. Also, earnings for 1992 reflected a $1 million pretax charge related to refinancing equipment trust certificates at favorable rates.
Terminals' 1992 income from operations increased 23% from 1991. Late in 1991, Terminals established a business unit structure and eliminated its regional offices to better control margins. The improved results represent increased margins due to domestic facility improvements and cost controls, combined with increased earnings from foreign affiliates. Earnings in 1992 were negatively affected by $2 million of pretax charges relating to the recognition of debt issuance costs and call premiums associated with debt refinancings at favorable terms and interest rates.
CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The cumulative effect of accounting chang