119.6 $140.0
Decreased sales to nonaffiliated utilities resulted primarily from decreased demand and continuing price competition. Sales supplied by the Company's generation in 1993 decreased to less than 15% of 1988 levels because of growth of kWh sales to retail customers, which reduces the amount available for sale, and because other suppliers were willing or able to make the sales at lower prices. A significant factor affecting the Company's ability to compete in the market for sales to nonaffiliated utilities has been the approximate 290% increase (from about 67 cents per MWh to $2.60 per MWH) in taxes on generation in West Virginia since March 1989 - a significant cost not experienced by utilities not generating in West Virginia. Further decreases in these sales are anticipated in 1994 before leveling off.
The increase in other revenues in 1993 and 1992 resulted from continued increases in sales of capacity, energy, and spinning reserve to other affiliated companies because of additional capacity and energy available from new PURPA projects in both years. This increase was offset in part in 1993 by an agreement with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to record in 1993 about $3 million of revenues as sales to nonaffiliated utilities. Similar transactions were recorded as other revenues in prior years. About 90% of the aggregate benefits from sales to affiliated and nonaffiliated utilities is passed on to retail customers and has little effect on net income.
M-11
Operating Expenses
Fuel expenses decreased 3% in 1993 and 9% in 1992. Both decreases were primarily due to decreases in kWh generated. Fuel expenses are primarily subject to deferred power cost accounting procedures, as described in Note A to the financial statements, with the result that changes in fuel expenses have little effect on net income.
"Purchased power and exchanges, net" represents power purchases from and exchanges with nonaffiliated utilities and qualified facilities under the Public