nterest cost components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost for the year 1993 by about $5.1 million. The weighted-average discount rate used in determining the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was 7.25%. A 6% salary increase assumption was used for death benefits based on salary at the time of retirement. The VEBA trust holding the plan assets is not expected to be subject to federal income taxes as the assets are invested entirely in trust- owned life insurance. The long-term rate of return on plan assets, as determined by the growth in cash surrender value of the life insurance policies, is expected to be 9%. Under collective bargaining agreements, NS and certain subsidiaries participate in a multi-employer benefit plan, which provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to eligible union employees. Premiums under this plan are expensed as incurred and amounted to $6.4 million, $6.2 million and $6.2 million in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
13. Long-Term Incentive Plan
Under the stockholder-approved Long-Term Incentive Plan, a disinterested committee of the Board of Directors may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), and performance share units (PSUs), up to a maximum 11,675,000 shares of Norfolk Southern common stock. Grants of SARs and PSUs result in charges to earnings while grants of stock options currently have no effect on earnings. Options may be granted for a term not to exceed 10 years but may not be exercised prior to the first anniversary date of grant. Options are exercisable at the fair market value of Norfolk Southern stock on the date of grant. SARs were granted on a one-for-one basis in tandem with certain of the stock option shares. Upon the exercise of an SAR, the optionee receives in common stock or cash or both (as determined by the committee administering the plan) the amount by which the fair market value of common stock on the exercise date exceeds the option price. Exercis