in a public stock offering. Proceeds to the Company from the offering were approximately $77.6 million.
PRODUCTS
Oregon Steel Division
The Company's steel plate products consist of hot-rolled carbon, high-strength low alloy, heat treated and alloy plate up to 136 inches wide. In addition to commodity grades of steel plate, the Company produces a wide range of specialty steel plate. Commodity steel plate is used in a variety of applications, such as the manufacture of storage tanks, machinery parts, barges and ships. Specialty steel plate, such as high strength low alloy, heat treated, and alloy plate, has superior strength and performance characteristics for particular applications, such as the manufacture of construction, mining and logging equipment, pressure vessels, and oil and gas transmission pipe, and the fabrication of bridges and high-rise buildings. At the request of a customer, the Company can vary the properties of steel plate products, including the plate's malleability, hardness or abrasion resistance, impact resistance or toughness, strength and ability to be machined or welded. These variations are achieved by chemically altering the steel through the addition of elements such as carbon, manganese, chromium, molybdenum, nickel, boron, aluminum, and titanium and through the removal of elements such as phosphorous and sulfur. Different steel properties are required for specialized applications: high strength steel is required for construction and logging equipment; a combination of high strength and toughness steel is required for bridges and oil and gas transmission pipe; and steel with high abrasion resistance and hardness is required for the manufacture of mining equipment and armor for military ordinance.
The Company's heat treating facility produces steel plate that has been normalized or quenched and tempered. The heat treating process of normalizing increases the toughness and impact resistance of plate, and is especially useful for low temperat