ployee interest may increase to up to 63%, depending on the average market value of UAL common stock in the year after the transaction closes. The transaction is not dependent on external financing.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement in principle, current UAL stockholders would receive the remaining 37 to 47% of the common stock and $88 per share in cash and face amount of debt and preferred stock. The non-common stock consideration is expected to aggregate approximately $743 million of cash, $900 million face amount of senior unsecured debentures and $900 million face amount of preferred stock depending on the number of common shares on which the distribution is made. While the agreement in principle contemplates that the debentures would be issued by UAL, such debentures could be issued by United.
The agreement includes terms for the creation of a low-cost short-haul operation to compete in domestic markets. This short-haul operation, in combination with the other wage and work-rule concessions, is expected to increase United's cash flows from operating activities.
UAL agreed that if the transaction closes prior to August 31, 1994, severance payments and employee benefits coverage approximating $50 million would be provided by United to IAM employees being terminated from United as a result of the recent sale of flight kitchens (see Sale of Flight Kitchens), in addition to payments required under United's labor contracts. Certain of the severance payments, which are to be made on a monthly basis, became payable in January 1994 after the unions ratified the agreement; however, these monthly payments terminate but are not refunded if the transaction does not close before August 31, 1994 or certain other conditions are not met. Other lump-sum severance amounts are payable only if the transaction closes prior to the required date. UAL has also agreed to pay up to $45 million of transaction fees and expenses incurred by ALPA and the IAM if the transaction is closed