medical and dental insurance, long-term and short-term disability insurance, life insurance, a thrift and profit sharing plan, an employee stock ownership plan, and educational assistance.
REGULATIONS
General. The Association is a member of the FHLB System and its deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC under the SAIF. The Association is subject to extensive regulation by the OTS,
as its chartering agency, and the FDIC, as the deposit insurer. The Association must file reports with the OTS and the FDIC concerning its activities and financial condition, in addition to obtaining regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions such as mergers with or acquisitions of other savings institutions. Periodic examinations by the OTS and the FDIC test the Association's compliance with various regulatory requirements. This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Any change in such regulation, whether by the OTS, the FDIC, or the Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the Company, the Association, and their operations.
The OTS, an agency established pursuant to FIRREA, is the primary regulator for federally chartered savings associations such as the Association, as well as savings and loan holding companies. The OTS is an office of the Department of Treasury under the general oversight of the Secretary of Treasury. Due to its ownership and control of Northeast Savings, Northeast Federal Corp. is a savings and loan holding company within the meaning of the Home Owners' Loan Act o