depressed operating results in Greece.
U.S. Plumbing Products Group
Sales of the U.S. group, which accounted for approximately 24% of total 1992 Plumbing Products sales, increased 21% in 1992. During 1992 the U.S. building industry continued to be severely affected by the low level of new construction, with non-residential construction down 5% from 1991 and with new residential construction recovering from the lowest levels since the mid-1940's (though up by 18%, it was still low in historical terms). The U.S. market for plumbing products was up an estimated 3% to 4%, with more than half the gain occurring in the replacement and remodeling markets, which accounts for about 60% of the total U.S. market. The growth of sales for the U.S. group was largely a result of the strength of retail business (which had a significant
increase in volume and accounted for 20% of sales of the U.S. group in 1992) and increased export sales from the U.S., together with smaller gains resulting from price increases and higher wholesaler distribution sales. Sales of AMERICAST products more than doubled in 1992, and smaller volume gains were achieved for acrylic products, fixtures, and faucets.
The operating loss for the U.S. group in 1992 was less than that of the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to price increases and secondarily to volume and margin gains (as a result of sourcing product from the Company's Latin American plants), offset partly by non-recurring costs related to implementation of improved manufacturing processes and the effects of a shift in overall sales mix from commercial and luxury to lower-margin products.
Americas International and Far East Groups
Combined sales of the Americas International and Far East Groups, which accounted for approximately 19% of total Plumbing Products sales, increased 26% in 1992 (28% excluding the effects of foreign exchange). The sales gain was due primarily to the consolidation in 1992 of a previously unconsolidated joint ve