dates for these reports have been established and the Trust is required to report any failure to file by these dates during 1993. During 1993, all of these filing requirements were satisfied by its Trustees and executive officers and ten percent holders. In making these statements, the Trust has relied on the written representations of its incumbent Trustees and executive officers and its ten percent holders and copies of the reports that they have filed with the Commission.
The Advisor
Although the Trust's Board of Trustees is directly responsible for managing the affairs of the Trust and for setting the policies which guide it, the day-to-day operations of the Trust are performed by a contractual advisory firm under the supervision of the Trust's Board of Trustees. The duties of the advisor include, among other things, locating, investigating, evaluating and recommending real estate and mortgage note investment and sales opportunities, as well as financing and refinancing sources for the Trust. The advisor also serves as a consultant in connection with the business plan and investment policy decisions made by the Trust's Board of Trustees.
CCEC was the sponsor of and original advisor of the Trust. CCEC was replaced as advisor on August 1, 1988, by Consolidated Advisors, Inc. ("CAI"), the parent of CCEC. On December 2, 1988, CCEC filed a petition
ITEM 10. TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND ADVISOR OF THE REGISTRANT (Continued)
The Advisor (Continued)
seeking reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas. Mr. Friedman was a director of CCEC and CAI from March 1988 through January 1989. Mr. Doyle was President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and sole director of CCEC from April 1989 through October 1990. Southmark was a controlling shareholder of The Consolidated Companies, the parent of CAI, from March 1988 through February 1989.
In February 1989, the Trust'