ding export volume.
a. PRODUCTS, MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION
Juvenile Products include products sold under two prominent brand names: "Gerry" and "Snugli". Gerry registered trademark baby products include a wide range of market entries, including car seats, infant carriers, frame carriers, safety gates, toilet trainers, electronic baby monitors, and a broad line of various wood juvenile products including portable cribs, changing tables and safety gates sold under the "Nu-Line" brand name prior to 1992 and under the Gerry registered trademark brand name since 1992. Snugli registered trademark baby products include infant carriers and other accessories.
All of the juvenile products have wide distribution; the products are marketed through all of the retail channels that sell juvenile products: mass merchants, toy chains, warehouse clubs, catalog showrooms, national and regional retailers, and specialty shops. Juvenile Products represented 16.4 percent, 16.4 percent, and 15.9 percent of consolidated revenues of the Company for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.
The Juvenile Products segment has been developed through selective acquisitions and internal growth and expansion. It is comprised of three direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Company: Gerry Baby Products Company ("GBPC"); Snugli-Canada, Ltd.; and Gerry Wood Products Company. GBPC's headquarters and principal manufacturing facilities are located in Thornton, Colorado. Snugli-Canada, Ltd. is located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and enables GBPC to extend its operations into Canada. Gerry Wood Products Company is a manufacturer of juvenile wooden products and is located in Suring, Wisconsin. In 1987, GBPC entered into a joint venture known as Takata-Gerico Corporation ("TGC"), with Takata Corporation of Japan, to manufacture children's car seats in the United States for distribution by GBPC. The joint venture was subsequently terminated by the parties' mutual agreement i