sion service may add periodically to heavy power flows on the System's facilities.
- 12 -
The Operating Subsidiaries have, to date, provided managed contractual access to the System's transmission facilities via the provisions of their Standard Transmission Service tariff, or the terms and conditions of bilateral contracts with purchasers of transmission service.
As a result of EPACT, the FERC is investigating the continued desirability of traditional methods of pricing and providing transmission service. The FERC may choose to maintain existing methods, implement new methodologies which the Operating Subsidiaries and their ratepayers may or may not find to be beneficial, or a combination thereof. The Operating Subsidiaries are participating fully in the FERC proceedings with the principal intent of safeguarding the reliability of the System's transmission facilities, and the rights and interests of its native load customers. The outcome of those deliberations cannot be predicted.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
The Operating Subsidiaries spent $4.6 million, $2.7 million, and $2.8 million in 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively, for research programs. Of these amounts, $3.2 million and $0.6 million were for Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI) dues in 1993 and 1992, respectively. The Operating Subsidiaries plan to spend approximately $7.5 million for research in 1994, with EPRI dues representing $5.9 million of that total.
The Operating Subsidiaries joined EPRI, an industry- sponsored research and development institution, effective October 1, 1992, contingent upon the approval by state commissions of recovery of the dues in rates, which approval was subsequently received in all jurisdictions except Ohio and West Virginia, where the matter is pending. Ongoing participation in EPRI depends upon continued approval by state commissions of recovery of dues in rates. Dues are based on a three-year, new-member ramping formula.
Independent research conducted by the Operating Sub