 material. GSU has used this material in its River Bend plant and is in compliance with the requirements of the bulletin. On August 19, 1992, the NRC denied the petitioner's request. In a December 1993 letter, the NRC requested additional technical information on the use of the material in the plant, and requested GSU's plans and schedules for resolving technical issues associated with the use of the material in certain configurations. GSU has provided the information requested in the NRC letter.
On January 13, 1993, in connection with the Merger, GSU filed two applications with the NRC to amend the River Bend operating license. The applications sought the NRC's consent to the Merger and to a change in the licensed operator of the facility from GSU to Entergy Operations. On August 6, 1993, Cajun filed a petition to intervene and request for a hearing in the proceedings. On January 27, 1994, the presiding NRC Atomic Safety and Licensing Board (ASLB) issued an order granting Cajun's petition to intervene and ordered a hearing on one of Cajun's contentions. On February 15, 1994, GSU filed an appeal of the ASLB Order with the NRC. On December 16, 1993, prior to this ASLB ruling, the NRC Staff issued the two license amendments for River Bend, making them effective immediately upon consummation of the Merger. On February 16, 1994, Cajun filed with the D.C. Circuit petitions for review of the two license amendments issued by the NRC. These two amendments are in full force and effect, but are subject to the outcome of the two proceedings. A hearing on the proceeding before the ALSB is not expected to begin prior to the fall of 1994.
In February 1993, GSU and the other affected utilities were served with a federal grand jury subpoena to produce documents and other information relating to the fire barrier material used in the plant. Nothing in the subpoena indicates that GSU or any employee is a target of the grand jury investigation. GSU is cooperating fully with the governm