recorded at contractually stated amounts as the related debt is not in excess of aggregate assets.
Neither of the Trust's majority owned affiliates, 3604 or CalREIT, filed for protection under Chapter 11. However, 3604 is under a court appointed receiver.
COMMONWEALTH EQUITY TRUST (Debtor-in-Possession) AND AFFILIATES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued ______________
1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Chapter 11 Proceedings, continued:
Partnership Interests
Partnership investments of 20% to 50% are accounted for by the equity method. Under this method, the investments are recorded at initial cost and increased for partnership income and decreased for partnership losses and distributions.
During the year ended September 30, 1990, the Trust entered into Placer Ranch Partners, a limited partnership in which the Trust owns a 31% interest. CR Properties, formerly CET/RJB, is a general partnership, in which the Trust owns a 50% interest.
Income Taxes
In 1977, the Trust elected to be and was taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT) through the year ended September 30, 1992. A REIT is not taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to shareholders, provided that at least 95% of its real estate investment trust taxable income is distributed.
During the year ended September 30, 1993, the Trust did not qualify to be taxed as a REIT. The termination of its REIT status is effective as of October 1, 1992. Furthermore, the circumstances of that termination were such that the Trust will not be eligible to re- elect to be taxed as a REIT prior to its fifth taxable year which begins after its taxable year ended September 30, 1992.
Rental Properties
Rental properties are carried at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and less a valuation allowance for possible investment losses. The Trust's valuation allowance for possible investment losses represents the excess of the carrying value of individual properties 