tion All of the utility subsidiaries accrue estimated revenue for water distributed but not yet billed as of the balance sheet date. Unbilled revenue also includes amounts for work performed but not yet billed for C/P Utility Services Company, Inc. C/P accounts for contracts using the percentage-of-completion method for long-term contracts and the completed contract method for short-term contracts.
Cash Flows For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the Company considers all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less, which are not restricted for construction activity to be cash equivalents.
Consumers Water Company and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amount of cash, temporary investments, notes receivable, and preferred stock approximate their fair value. The fair value of long-term debt based on borrowing rates currently available for loans with similar terms and maturities is approximately $139 million.
Inventories Inventories generally consist of materials and supplies. They are stated at the lower of cost (average cost method) or market.
Other Assets Deferred charges consist primarily of financing charges, rate case and other expenses, a note receivable of $1,330,000 and the net excess of acquisition cost over book value of the net assets for the utility subsidiaries. Deferred rate case expenses are amortized over periods allowed by the governing regulatory authorities, generally one to three years. The net excess of the acquisition cost over book value or market value of the net assets of subsidiaries acquired is being amortized principally over a period of 40 years. Other assets also include preliminary survey and investigation costs and certain items amortized, subject to regulatory approval, over their anticipated period of recovery. Deferred financing charges are amortized over the lives of the related debt issues.
Cu