tors, meets at least quarterly with the independent public accountants, KPMG Peat Marwick, management and internal auditors to review accounting, auditing and financial reporting matters. The independent public accountants and internal auditors each meet privately with the committee, without management present, to discuss the results of their audit work and their evaluations of the adequacy of internal controls and the quality of financial reporting.
The financial statements in this annual report on Form 10-K have been examined by the Corporation's independent public accountants for the purpose of expressing an opinion as to the fair presentation of the financial statements. Their independent professional opinion on the Corporation's financial statements is presented on the following page.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
The Board of Directors and Stockholders First Maryland Bancorp:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of First Maryland Bancorp and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992 and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1993. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a re