f contracts and relations with affiliates and customers, purchases and sales of property and loans. Maine and Illinois have laws regulating reorganizations of water and other utilities.
The profitability of the operations of the Consumers Water Subsidiaries is influenced to a great extent by the timeliness and magnitude of rate allowances by regulatory authorities in various states. Accordingly, Consumers maintains a rate case management capability to ensure that the tariffs of the Consumers Water Subsidiaries reflect, to the extent possible, current costs of operations, capital, taxes, energy, materials and compliance with environmental regulations. This process also addresses other factors bearing on rate determinations, such as the quantity of rainfall and temperature in a given period of time, system expansion and industrial demand.
The approximate amount of annual rate increases allowed for the last three years was $2,880,000 for 1991, $4,698,000 for 1992, and $1,945,000 for 1993 represented by ten, eight, and five rate decisions, respectively. Included in the 1992 total is a $2.2 million rate allowance for Inter-State Water Company, received on January 8, 1992. This increase was due primarily to recovery of, and an allowance of a return on, its new $14 million water treatment plant.
The Company currently has five rate filings pending totalling $7.3 million of requested annualized new revenue. Decisions on these cases are expected in 1994. The number and magnitude of rate increases for the next three years is expected to increase due to the large capital expenditure program for the period 1994 to 1996.
Rates for some divisions of Ohio Water are fixed by negotiated agreements with the political subdivisions that are served, instead of through a filing with the Public Utility Commission of Ohio. Currently, two of the five regulated divisions of Ohio Water are operating under rate ordinances.
Water Utility Competition
In general, the Company believes that the Cons