Item 1. Business
General American Transportation Corporation (GATC) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of GATX Corporation (GATX) and is engaged in the leasing and management of railroad tank cars and specialized freight cars and owns and operates tank storage terminals, pipelines and related facilities.
Industry Segments
Railcar Leasing and Management
The Railcar Leasing and Management segment (Transportation) is principally engaged in leasing specialized railcars, primarily tank cars, under full service leases. As of December 31, 1993, its fleet consisted of approximately 55,800 railcars, including 48,000 tank cars and 7,800 specialized freight cars, primarily Airslide covered hopper cars and plastic pellet cars. Transportation has upgraded its fleet over time by adding new larger capacity cars and retiring older, smaller capacity cars. Transportation's railcars have a useful life of approximately 30 to 33 years. The average age of the railcars in Transportation's fleet is approximately 15 years.
Transportation's customers use its railcars to ship over 700 different commodities, primarily chemicals, petroleum, food products and minerals. For 1993, approximately 55% of railcar leasing revenue was attributable to shipments of chemical products, 21% to petroleum products, 18% to food products and 6% to other products. Many of these products require cars with special features; Transportation offers a wide variety of sizes and types of cars to meet these needs. Transportation leases railcars to over 700 customers, including major chemical, oil, food and agricultural companies. No single customer accounts for more than 6% of total railcar leasing revenue.
Transportation typically leases new equipment to its customers for a term of five years or longer, whereas renewals or leases of used cars are typically for periods ranging from less than a year to seven years with an average lease term of about three years. The utilization rate of Transportation's railcars as of December 31