
All loans classified doubtful and all nonaccrual loans classified substandard are analyzed individually to determine specific reserves. All other loans and leases are segmented into pools based on their risk ratings. Reserve allocation for these pools is based upon historical loss experience. The methodologies used for determining historical loss rate factors include actual loss experience over a period of years, loss migration analysis, or a combination of the two. In addition, the historical loss percentage for each pool is adjusted to reflect current conditions. Among the factors considered are the levels and trends in delinquencies and nonaccruals; trends in volumes and terms of loans; effects of any changes in lending policies and procedures; the experience, ability and depth of the lending management and staff; national and local economic trends and conditions; and concentrations of credit.
The Corporation's Loan Review Group reports independently to the Board of Directors' Audit Committee. This unit's responsibility is to maintain a continuous review of the loan portfolio to ensure the accuracy of risk ratings, to verify the identification of problem credits, to provide executive management with an independent and objective evaluation of the quality of the portfolio and to assist the Board of Directors in evaluating the adequacy of the Allowance. In the retail loan and residential loan areas, this review is conducted primarily by a retail loan review staff which monitors performance trends. Formal reviews are supported by management information systems which are designed to identify accounts which deviate from established lending policies. In other lending areas, a team of loan review officers systematically inspects the credit files to identify potential credit problems.
The review process as detailed above is used by the Corporation in forming its conclusion that the Allowance is adequate at December 31, 1993.
The following table details certain informatio