ses averaging 6.2 percent in its residential, commercial, and industrial firm rate schedules. The OPUC approved the Oregon increases effective May 1, 1993. Effective June 1, 1993, the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission (WUTC) approved rate increases averaging 6.7 percent for the Company's Washington customers. The rate increases offset Northwest Natural's higher costs for interstate pipeline capacity under rates approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for Northwest Pipeline Corporation (NPC), the primary pipeline supplying the Pacific Northwest.
In August 1993, Northwest Natural filed with the OPUC for rate increases averaging 3 percent. The OPUC approved the increases effective October 1, 1993. These rate increases were due to the removal of temporary rate discounts in effect since November 1990 to distribute gas cost savings and pipeline rate refunds resulting from the transition to "open access" transportation by NPC.
In November 1993, Northwest Natural filed with the OPUC and the WUTC for rate increases which averaged 3.7 percent and 7.6 percent for Oregon and Washington operations, respectively. The new rates pass through the impact of higher gas costs and remove temporary rate discounts in place since December 1992 for the amortization of prior gas cost savings. Both increases were approved effective December 1, 1993.
None of the above rate increases has a material effect on net income. The cumulative effect of the increases is not expected to impair Northwest Natural's competitive position in its key markets.
Comparison of Gas Operations ----------------------------- The following table summarizes the composition of utility gas volumes and revenues for the three years ended December 31, 1993:
Residential and Commercial --------------------------
Typically, 75 percent or more of the Company's annual utility operating revenues are derived from gas sales to weather- sensitive residential and commercial customers. Accordingly, dramati