rkets and OPEC's strategy of defending its market share. Demand for natural gas is expected to remain strong. On the West Coast, the sluggish economy continues to affect demand for refined products.
The company's current operating strategy is to increase cash flow from operations by increasing resource production and emphasizing cost control in all areas.
Over the next three years, the company expects to increase natural gas production by about 25 percent and crude oil production about 14 percent. The centerpiece of this effort is the accelerated development drilling program in North America launched during 1993. The 1994 capital budget includes approximately 535 wells, with 410 in North America. However, lower than expected oil prices at the beginning of 1994, has caused the company to slow down development of crude oil and focus more on natural gas development. This shift and reduction in capital may delay achievement of the production goal for crude oil.
Unocal also continues to seek a role in the development of vast oil and gas resources in the Caspian Sea. Negotiations are ongoing with Azerbaijan and the international consortium of oil companies of which Unocal is a member.
The company's refining and marketing operations will continue to focus on improving refining efficiencies and strengthening its Western marketing. Unocal expects to spend approximately $210 million in 1994 and $175 million in 1995, in capital, to modify its refineries in order to produce reformulated gasoline that will meet specifications mandated by the California Air Resources Board and the 1990 Federal Clean Air Act Amendments.
The company has made significant progress toward debt reduction and asset sales goals established in April 1992. Total debt was reduced in 1993 by $176 million, which brings the total debt reduction to 80 percent of the $1.5 billion five-year target. The company is also 80 percent of the way toward meeting its two-year goal of generating $700 million in after-tax p