he information necessary to properly give effect to any such election.
I. The General Partner shall, at the Partnership's expense and within a reasonable time after the close of each fiscal year, cause each Partner to be furnished with such statements of the Partnership's assets and liabilities as of the close of such year (if any), such profit and loss statement for such year (if any), such statement of the capital and profit account of each Partner (if any), and such other reports (if any), all as the General Partner may deem appropriate.
J. The General Partner shall, at the Partnership's expense, cause the Partnership's Federal and state income and other tax returns to be prepared and filed and shall furnish copies to each Partner of any information on such returns needed for the preparation of each Partner's own tax returns.
9. Books and Records of the Partnership; Fiscal Year. The General Partner shall keep and maintain the books and records of the Partnership at the principal place of business of the Partnership. The fiscal year of the Partnership shall end on the 31st day of December in each year. The books of the Partnership shall be kept on the cash or accrual basis, and the Partnership shall be on the cash or accrual basis for tax purposes, as determined by the General Partner. The books and records of the Partnership shall be audited at such times and by such accountants as shall be determined from time to time by the General Partner. The funds of the Partnership shall be deposited in such bank accounts or invested in such interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing investments as shall be determined by Partner.
10. Transfer of Partnership Interest.
A. No Partner may sell, assign, transfer, encumber or hypothecate the whole or any part of its Partnership interest (including, but not limited to, its interest in the capital or profits of the Partnership) without prior written consent of the General Partner.
B. Any party or person admitted to the Partnership as