t has no liability for the site, including (1) that it is not a corporate successor to any entity that owned or was responsible for the Pine Street Canal Site during the period the coal gasification plant was in operation, (2) that any claims against Peoples Light and Power Corporation were discharged in that company's 1936 Plan of Reorganization, and (3) that the Company merged with a successor to People's Light and Power Company, Inc., a separate company incorporated following the bankruptcy of Peoples Light and Power Corporation. Should the Company be made party to any action seeking recovery of remaining clean-up costs, it intends to assert the foregoing defenses and to otherwise vigorously defend against such an action. The Company has made demands of the appropriate insurers that they assume the defense of and liability for any such claim that may be asserted.
In 1993, the Internal Revenue Service completed its audit of the Company's federal income tax return for 1984 through 1989. The Internal Revenue Service proposed, and the Company agreed to the deficiencies and related interest of approximately $1,266,000. The Company had fully accrued for the tax deficiencies and interest. Southern Union and its subsidiaries are parties to other legal proceedings that its management considers to be the normal kinds of actions to which an enterprise of its size and nature might be subject. Management believes the outcome of these legal proceedings will not have a material impact on the Company's results of operations or consolidated financial position.
The Company has commitments under gas purchase contracts which contain certain minimum purchase provisions for the firm supply of quantities of natural gas. The Company's minimum
SOUTHERN UNION COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) provisions in its gas supply contracts do not exceed fifty percent of its supply requirements in its service areas. In addition, the Company manages its 