tain interest rate exposure. The differential to be paid or received under the swap agreements is accrued and included in interest expense or rental expense.
(2) Proposed Employee Investment Transaction
On December 22, 1993, the Board of Directors of UAL approved a non-binding agreement in principle that would provide a majority equity interest in UAL to the employees of United in exchange for wage concessions and work-rule changes. In January 1994, the agreement was ratified by the Air Line Pilots Association ("ALPA") and the International Association of Machinists ("IAM"). The transaction is subject to, among other things, approval by UAL stockholders.
In the transaction, an Employee Stock Ownership Plan will be created to provide United employees with a minimum of a 53% equity interest in UAL in exchange for wage concessions and work-rule changes. The employee interest may increase to up to 63%, depending on the average market value of UAL common stock in the year after the transaction closes. The transaction is not dependent on external financing.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement in principle, current UAL stockholders would receive the remaining 37 to 47% of the common stock and $88 per share in cash and face amount of debt and preferred stock. The non-common stock consideration is expected to aggregate approximately $743 million of cash, $900 million face amount of senior unsecured debentures and $900 million face amount of preferred stock depending on the number of common shares on which the distribution is made. While the agreement in principle contemplates that the debentures would be issued by UAL, such debentures could be issued by United.
UAL agreed that if the transaction closes prior to August 31, 1994, severance payments and employee benefits coverage approximating $50 million would be provided by United to IAM employees being terminated from United as a result of the recent sale of flight kitchens (see Note 16), in addition to payments required 