Item 1. Business - ------ --------
General - -------
MGI Properties (the "Trust" or "MGI") is an unincorporated business trust organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. MGI commenced operations in 1971 as a real estate investment trust. Since that time, the Trust has elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust (a "REIT") under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"), and expects to continue to operate in a manner which will entitle the Trust to be so treated. For each taxable year in which the Trust qualifies as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, taxable income distributed to the holders of its shares will not be taxable to the Trust (other than certain items of tax preference which are subject to minimum tax in the hands of the Trust). See "Investment and Operating Policies" and "Portfolio" below and the description of dividend policy included under Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 1993 (the "Report").
References herein to the Trust include its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Narrative Description of Business - ---------------------------------
The Trust, which is a self-administered and self-managed equity REIT, owns and manages a diversified portfolio of income-producing real estate assets. The Trust's portfolio consists of investments in apartment complexes, multi-use industrial facilities (such as warehouses and research and development buildings), shopping centers and office buildings. The primary investment objective of the Trust is to make diversified equity and equity-oriented investments in existing properties believed to be capable of producing stable and rising income streams and having long-term capital appreciation potential. The Trust also believes that its active managing and leasing practices can enhance rental income, funds from operations and long-term capital appreciation. These investments have typically taken the for