993, the value of revenue equipment, less accumulated depreciation, totaled $87.8 million and consisted of 4,179 tractors, 13,639 trailers and 164 trucks. In addition, service vehicles, data processing equipment, furniture and fixtures, and leasehold improvements had a net book value of $26.1 million.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
(a) There are not now pending any material legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incident to the Corporation's business, to which the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their respective properties is subject. During 1993, no material litigation or governmental proceeding was instituted or pending against the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries arising from any alleged violation of any emission control standards or other environmental regulations.
(b) No material legal proceedings were terminated in the fourth quarter of 1993.
Item 4.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
No matters were submitted during the fourth quarter of 1993 to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise.
PART II
Item 5.
Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.
The registrant's common stock is traded on the New York and Pacific Stock Exchanges (Symbol - CAO). The range of market values and amounts of dividends paid during the last two years are shown in the following table:
As of December 31, 1993, there were 2,642 record holders of the Corporation's Common Stock.
The Corporation has paid quarterly cash dividends on its Common Stock since 1963. The Board of Directors suspended payment of common share dividends on January 10, 1994. Future dividends will depend upon the Corporation's earnings, its financial condition and other relevant factors. A debt agreement places certain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends by Carolina Freight Corporation, the parent company. Under the agreement, future dividends of