ressed an unqualified opinion on those statements.
We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the 1993 consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Thomas Industries Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits in 1993 to adopt the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions." As discussed in Note 3, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes in 1993 to adopt the provisions of SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." As discussed in Note 1, the Company changed its method of accounting for certain inventories in 1993.
S/KPMG Peat Marwick
Louisville, Kentucky February 10, 1994
11-Year Summary of Operations and Statistics
Exhibit 18.
Letter Regarding Change in Accounting Principles
March 17, 1994
The Board of Directors Thomas Industries Inc.
Gentlemen:
We have audited the consolidated balance sheet of Thomas Industries Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993, and the rel