 and 1993; therefore, the Trust recorded no provision for income taxes.
The Trust's tax basis in its net assets differs from the amount at which its net assets are reported for financial statement purposes, principally due to the accounting for gains and losses on property sales, the difference in the allowance for estimated losses, depreciation on owned properties and investments in joint venture partnerships. At December 31, 1993, the Trust's tax basis in its net assets exceeded its basis for financial statement purposes by $53.2 million. As a result, aggregate future income for income tax purposes will be less than such amount for financial statement purposes, and the Trust will be able to maintain its REIT status without distributing 95% of its financial statement income. Additionally, at December 31, 1993, the Trust had a tax net operating loss carryforward of $41 million expiring through 2007.
As a result of the Trust's election to be treated as a REIT for income tax purposes and of its intention to distribute its taxable income, no deferred tax asset, liability or valuation allowance was recorded.
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 13. RENTALS UNDER OPERATING LEASES
The Trust's rental operations include the leasing of office buildings and shopping centers. The leases thereon expire at various dates through 2005. The following is a schedule of minimum future rentals on non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 1993:
NOTE 14. EXTRAORDINARY GAIN
In 1993, the Trust acquired the $7.5 million second mortgage secured by its Century Center II Office Building for $300,000. In addition, the first lien holder retroactively reduced the interest rate on the debt owed by the Trust. The Trust recognized an extraordinary gain of $8.9 million in connection with the debt modification and discounted debt purchase. See NOTE 6. "NOTES, DEBENTURES AND INTEREST PAYABLE."
During 1991, SAC 9, a joint venture partnership, 