cing with a payment due in April 1993. The Partnership was able to reach an agreement with its lenders to pay off the existing mortgage loans at a substantial discount from face value. On September 3, 1993, the Partnership paid the joint venture's lenders $6.7 million in full satisfaction of the outstanding mortgage loans, accrued interest and guaranty. This transaction contributed to the decrease in notes and mortgages payable at December 31, 1993 as compared to December 31, 1992 and is the cause of the approximate $9.5 million extraordinary gain on the early extinguishment of debt for the year ended December 31, 1993.
The Partnership also sold its remaining land holdings in The Oaks Community and its interest in The Oaks Club, an equity club, to an unaffiliated third-party purchaser for $5.8 million. This sale transaction occurred simultaneously with the repayment of the loans and satisfaction of the mortgages, as discussed above. These transactions are the cause of various changes in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1993 as compared to December 31, 1992. In light of the Partnership's guarantee under the loan agreement of $2.7 million of the outstanding mortgage loans, as well as other factors, these transactions were pursued as the least costly alternative available to the Partnership. These transactions resulted in a minimal net gain for Federal income tax purposes.
During the first quarter of 1993, the Partnership reached a settlement agreement with its joint venture partner in a property located in Ocala, Florida, whereby in exchange for its partner's 50% interest in the venture, the Partnership agreed to dismiss a lawsuit previously filed against its venture partner for failure to perform in accordance with the terms of a $1,600,000 note which had been issued to the Partnership by the joint venture.
This agreement was pursued as a more favorable remedy to other alternatives available to the Partnership. As a result of this transaction, the Part