995 pending Conservation District Use Application approval at the existing Keahole Power Plant site. Although capacity after CT-4 is not required until April 1996, CT-5 is scheduled to be installed immediately after CT-4 in September 1995 based on economies of the earlier schedule which allows HELCO to use the same construction contract as CT-4. In addition, the earlier schedule permits HELCO to proceed with the planned retirements of its older, less efficient units and to mitigate uncertainties with respect to deliveries from HELCO's power purchase producers. Conversion of CT-4 and CT-5 to combined-cycle operation with the addition of a steam unit, ST-7 is expected to occur by October 1997.
NONUTILITY GENERATION
The Company has supported state and federal energy policies which encourage the development of alternate energy sources that reduce dependence on fuel oil. Alternate energy sources range from wind, geothermal and hydroelectric power, to energy produced by the burning of bagasse. Other nonoil projects include a generating unit burning municipal waste and a fluidized bed unit burning coal.
HECO currently has three major power purchase agreements. In general, HECO's payments under these power purchase agreements are based upon available capacity and energy. Payments for capacity generally are not required if the contracted capacity is not available, and payments are reduced, under certain conditions, if available capacity drops below contracted levels. In general, the payment rates for capacity have been predetermined for the terms of the agreements. The energy charges will vary over the terms of the agreements and HECO may pass on changes in the fuel component of the energy charges to customers through energy cost adjustment clauses in its rate schedules. HECO does not operate nor does it participate in the operation of any of the facilities that provide power under the three agreements. Title to the facilities does not pass to HECO upon expiration of the agr