ontana. NAVL also leases facilities throughout the United States for sales offices, maintenance facilities and for warehouse, terminal and distribution center operations.
EQUIPMENT - NAVL relies extensively on independent contractors (owner-operators) who supply the power equipment (tractors) used to pull NAVL trailers. Agents also provide a substantial portion of NAVL's equipment needs, particularly for the transportation of household goods, by furnishing tractors and trailers on either a permanent or an intermittent lease basis.
As of December 31, 1993, agents and owner-operators together supplied 4,280 tractors, representing 71 percent of the U.S. power equipment operated in NAVL service. Also as of December 31, 1993, NAVL owned 6,981 trailer units, representing 73 percent of the U.S. trailer fleet in NAVL service. The remaining 27 percent was provided mainly by agents and owner-operators. Agents also provided 1,145 straight trucks, or 97 percent of such units in NAVL service.
NAVL has an extensive program for the repair and maintenance of its trailer equipment. In 1993, work orders on approximately 18,574 trailers were completed at NAVL's facility in Fort Wayne. As of December 31, 1993, the average age of trailer equipment in the NAVL fleet was 6.7 years.
COMPUTERS - NAVL relies extensively on data processing facilities for shipment planning and dispatch functions as well as shipment tracing. Data processing capabilities are also utilized in revenue processing functions, driver and agent account settlement activity, and internal accounting and record keeping service.
In 1993, NAVL continued implementation of WORLDTRAC(Trademark), a satellite-based mobile communications and position-reporting system. The system allows NAVL, through computers installed in cabs, to communicate instantaneously with fleet drivers while enroute to optimize customer service and to insure customer retention. The ability to locate a driver and communicate instantly has resulted in improv