ted number of customers. As the Company focuses on its core businesses, and primarily aircraft financing, its future business prospects become more closely tied to the success of MDC, and especially the ability of MDC's commercial aircraft business to generate additional sales. The commercial aircraft business is market sensitive, which causes disruptions in production and procurement and attendant costs, and requires large investments to develop new derivatives of existing aircraft or new aircraft. The depressed conditions in the airline industry have resulted and may continue to result in airlines not taking deliveries of commercial transport aircraft, defaulting on contracts for firm orders, requests for changes in delivery schedules of existing orders, not exercising options or reserves and a dramatic decline in new orders. MDC expects the weakness of the commercial aircraft market to continue during 1994 and MDC does not expect a strong industry-wide resumption in orders for new aircraft until 1995, at the earliest. MDC's market share of firm order backlog for new commercial aircraft has declined significantly in
the past several years and operating revenues for MDC's commercial aircraft segment decreased 28% in 1993. MDC also has made guaranties to non-affiliate third parties in connection with the marketing of commercial aircraft. MDC does not anticipate that the existence of such guaranties will have a material adverse effect upon its financial condition. In addition, some existing commercial aircraft contracts contain provisions requiring MDC to repurchase used aircraft at the option of the commercial customers. In view of the current market conditions for used aircraft, MDC's earnings and cash flows could be adversely impacted by the exercise of such options. However, it is not anticipated that the existence of such repurchase obligations will have a material adverse effect on MDC's cash flow or financial position. The trend of reduced commercial aircraft 