he Executive shall have powers and duties as provided in the Company's Bylaws in effect as of the date and as those may be amended from time to time during the Employment Period.
It is further contemplated that at the meeting of the Board of Directors approving the Agreement, the Executive shall be elected to serve as a director of the Company and as a director of each of the Company's subsidiaries by their respective Boards of Directors and/or stockholders.
In the event that the Executive is not elected by the Board of Directors to serve as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President or by the Board of Directors or the stockholders to serve as a director of the Company, his employment with the Company shall be terminated by the Company subject to the terms of Section 10 of this Agreement.
4. Performance. Throughout the Employment Period, the Executive agrees to ----------- devote his full time and undivided attention to the business and affairs of the Company, and in particular to the performance of all of the duties and responsibilities of the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, and as a director of each of its subsidiaries, except for reasonable vacation and except for temporary illness or incapacity. The Executive shall be entitled to up to four (4) weeks of vacation per year.
The Executive shall serve the Company and each of its subsidiaries loyally, diligently and effectively and at all times exert his best efforts to promote the success of their respective activities. The Executive shall discharge his duties and responsibilities in an efficient, trustworthy and businesslike manner and shall do nothing which will in any way impair or prejudice the name or reputation of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Executive from devoting reasonable periods required for:
a. serving as director, trustee or member of a committee of any organization involving no conflict of interest with the in