to that time, ASB operated as the Hawaii division of American Savings & Loan Association of Salt Lake City, Utah since 1925. At September 30, 1993, ASB's total assets were $2.5 billion and it was the second largest savings and loan institution in Hawaii based on total assets.
ASB was acquired by the Company for approximately $115 million on May 26, 1988. The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. Accordingly, tangible assets and liabilities were recorded at their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The acquisition was approved by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (FHLBB) which required HEI to enter into a Regulatory Capital Maintenance/Dividend Agreement (the FHLBB Agreement). Under the FHLBB Agreement, HEI agreed that ASB's regulatory capital would be maintained at a level of at least 6% of ASB's total liabilities, or at such greater amount as may be required from time to time by regulation. Under the FHLBB Agreement, HEI's obligation to contribute additional capital was limited to a maximum aggregate amount of approximately $65.1 million. HEI elected to contribute additional capital of $0.8 million and $24.0 million to ASB during 1993 and 1992, respectively. The FHLBB Agreement also included limitations on ASB's ability to pay dividends. Under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 (FIRREA), the regulations of the FHLBB and the FHLBB Agreement were transferred to the Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS). Effective December 23, 1992, ASB was granted a release from the dividend limitations imposed under the FHLBB Agreement. ASB is subject to the OTS regulations for dividends and other distributions applicable to financial institutions regulated by the OTS.
ASB acquired First Nationwide Bank's Hawaii branches and deposits on October 6, 1990. The acquisition increased ASB's statewide retail branch network from 36 to 45 branches and its deposit base by $247 million, and provided approximately $239