nership as permitted under Section 6C hereof.
B. No Right to Return of Contributions. No interest shall be paid or shall accrue on the capital contribution of any Partner. No Partner shall be personally liable for the return of the capital contributions of the other Partners, nor for the return of any Partnership assets. Notwithstanding the Act or any other provision of law, no Partner shall bc entitled to withdraw or obtain a return of all or any part of his capital contribution other than as expressly provided in this Agreement. It is the intent of the Partners that, unless expressly stated otherwise in a writing furnished to all the Partners by the Partnership, no distribution (or any part of any distribution) made to any Partner pursuant to this Agreement shall bc deemed a return or withdrawal of capital, even if such distribution represents (in full or in part) an allocation of depreciation or of any other non-cash item accounted for as a loss or deduction from or offset to income.
C. Additional Contributions of Partners: Admission of Additional Partners. Any Partner or Partners may make additional contributions to the capital of the Partnership only with the consent of the General Partner. The General Partner may admit persons as additional Partners only (i) upon cecution by such persons of a copy of this Agreement, as it may have been amended or supplemented and be in effect immediately prior to the time of such admission and (ii) upon payment by such person(s) of a capital contribution, whether in cash or Property, which, along with the agreed value thereof, has been determined by agreement of all of the Partners.
D. Capital Accounts. The Partnership shall maintain a capital account for each of the Partners which shall be the aggregate amount of the contributions to the Partnership made by such Partner, as set forth in Exhibit A hereto, reduced by the aggregate amount of any losses allocated, and any distributions of cash or the fair market value of other as