apital contribution of an asset valued at $1.2 million, by installment payments to be paid by CF&I totalling $67.5 million in principal plus interest at 9.5 percent over a period of 10 years, by the assumption of non contingent liabilities of CF&I Steel Corporation in the aggregate amount of $18.5 million, and by the assumption of a liability for postretirement health care benefits of $3.7 million. The Company has guaranteed the payment of the first 25 months of cash installment payments on the $67.5 million note (a total of approximately $13.1 million of principal and interest at December 31, 1993), and the performance of certain capital expenditures for improvements at the facilities being acquired in the aggregate amount of $40 million.
As part of the acquisition, CF&I accrued a reserve of $36.7 million for environmental remediation at CF&I's Pueblo, Colorado steel mill. CF&I believes $36.7 million is the best estimate from a range of $23.1 to $43.6 million. CF&I's estimate of this environmental reserve was based on two separate remediation investigations and feasibility studies conducted by independent environmental engineering consultants. The estimated costs were based on current technologies and presently enacted laws and regulations. The reserve includes costs for RCRA (Resource Conservation and Recovery Act) facility investigation, a corrective measures study, remedial action, and operation and maintenance of the proposed remedial actions. The State of Colorado is reviewing a permit application and will issue a permit to CF&I with a schedule for corrective action specifying activities to be completed by certain dates. The State of Colorado anticipated that the schedule would be reflective of a straight line rate of expenditure over 30 years. The State of Colorado stated the schedule for corrective action could be accelerated if new data indicated a greater threat to the environment than is currently known to exist. Any adjustment to the environmental liabil