ent 112 establishes accounting standards for employers who provide benefits to former or inactive employees after employment but before retirement. This Statement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993. The adoption of Statement 112 is not expected to have a material effect on the financial statements of the Corporation.
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan"--In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan." Statement 114 applies to loans that are considered impaired, where it is probable that the creditor will not collect all principal and interest payments according to the loan's contractual terms. Under Statement 114, impaired loans must be measured at the present value of the loan's expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, observable market price of the loan, or fair value of the collateral. If the measure of an impaired loan is less than the recorded investment, a valuation allowance must be established through a corresponding charge to the provision for credit losses. The Statement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1994. The impact that adoption of Statement 114 will have on the financial statements is currently under review, but is not expected to have a material effect on the financial statements of the Corporation.
QUARTERLY SUMMARY
The following table presents a summary of earnings by quarter for the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992:
Summary of Quarterly Earnings
- -------- (1) Restated to reflect the reclassification of in-substance foreclosures provisions, consistent with a policy change adopted by the federal regulatory agencies.
LIQUIDITY
Liquidity is the ability of the Corporation to meet a demand for funds, such as deposit outflows, net new loan requests and other corporate funding