ng life of these contracts was 63 months.
The Company had approximately 21.2 million tons of annual production capacity at December 31, 1993. In the eastern United States, the Company owns and operates five coal preparation plants and nine loading facilities with a combined annual capacity of 10.6 million tons. Coastal States Energy's mines in Utah employ three longwall mining systems, diesel shuttle cars and have a combined annual capacity of 10.6 million tons.
In addition to its bituminous coal operations, the Company controls overriding royalty interests in approximately 484 million tons of lignite reserves in North Dakota. Production from these reserves in 1993 totalled 16.1 million tons.
The Company, through its captive operations, leasing programs and brokerage activities, participates in all aspects of the national bituminous coal industry and is a significant competitor in international coal markets. A significant portion of its eastern reserves and all of its Utah reserves are low-sulfur, compliance coal which will allow the Company to remain a major supplier of steam coal to domestic utilities under the Clean Air Act of 1990.
The Company competes with a large number of coal producers and land holding companies across the United States. The principal factors affecting the Company's coal sales are price, quality (BTU, sulfur and ash content), royalty rates, employee productivity and rail freight rates.
CHEMICALS
Coastal Chem, Inc. ("Coastal Chem"), a Coastal subsidiary, operates a plant near Cheyenne, Wyoming, which produces anhydrous ammonia, ammonium nitrate, nitric acid, food grade liquid carbon dioxide and urea for use as agricultural fertilizers, livestock feed supplements, blasting agents and various other industrial applications. This plant has the capacity to produce 500 tons per day of anhydrous ammonia, 750 tons per day of ammonium nitrate, 275 tons per day of urea, 700 tons per day of nitric acid and 400 tons per day of food grade liquid carbon di