 generating facilities, fuel, and regional transmission facilities; and the availability and price of competitive sources of power. System sales decreased in 1993 relative to 1992 primarily because of continued decreased demand, increased Operating Subsidiaries' native load, coal conservation because of the coal strike, and increased willingness of other suppliers to make sales at lower prices. Further decreases in kWh sales to nonaffiliated utilities are expected in 1994 and beyond. Substantially all of the revenues from kWh sales to nonaffiliated utilities are passed on to retail customers and as a result have little effect on net income.
The Operating Subsidiaries reactivated a peak diversity exchange arrangement with Virginia Power effective June 1993 which continues indefinitely. The Operating Subsidiaries will annually supply Virginia Power with 200 MW during each June, July, and August, in return for which Virginia Power will supply the Operating Subsidiaries with 200 MW during each December, January, and February, at least through February 1997. Thereafter, specific amounts of annual diversity exchanges beyond those currently established are to be mutually determined no less than 34 months prior to each year for which an exchange is to take place. The total number of MWh to be delivered by each to the other over the term of the arrangement is expected to be equal.
- 6 -
The Operating Subsidiaries and Duquesne Light Company (Duquesne Light) in 1991 entered into an exchange arrangement under which the Operating Subsidiaries will supply Duquesne Light with up to 200 MW for a specified number of weeks, generally during each March, April, May, September, October, and November. In return, Duquesne Light will supply the Operating Subsidiaries with up to 100 MW, generally during each December, January, and February. The total number of MWh delivered by each utility to the other over the term of the arrangement is expected to be the same.
West Penn supplies power to 