kAtlantic from 34% to 35% retroactive to January 1, 1993. The effect of the Omnibus Act on BankAtlantic at the date of enactment was to increase the income tax provision by approximately $175,000.
BankAtlantic may also be impacted by other provisions of the Omnibus Act either directly as a consequence of additional provisions applicable to it or indirectly as a consequence of their impact on BankAtlantic's borrowers or the economy in general.
Florida Franchise Tax - The State of Florida imposes a corporate franchise tax on savings and loan institutions at the rate of 5.5% on taxable income as determined for Florida franchise tax purposes, in lieu of the Florida corporate income tax. Taxable income for this purpose is based on federal taxable income in excess of $5,000 as adjusted by certain items. A credit is available against up to 65% of the franchise tax otherwise due for certain intangible taxes imposed by the State of Florida. The corporate franchise tax, exclusive of this credit availability, is substantially equivalent to the Florida corporate income tax.
Real Estate and Other Activities
As discussed in "General Description of Business", the Company prior to its investment in BankAtlantic had been primarily engaged in the real estate business. From 1981 through 1987, eleven public real estate partnerships were formed for which the Company provided property management, for fees, and administrative and accounting services, for cost reimbursements. In March 1989, February 1991 and June 1991, the assets and liabilities of six partnerships were exchanged for subordinated debentures of the Company. Three other partnerships have been or are in the process of being liquidated. It is the Company's intent to liquidate the assets acquired in the Exchanges and at December 31, 1993 only seven of the twenty-two properties acquired in the 1989 and 1991 Exchanges remain.
In addition to its investment in BankAtlantic and unrelated to the public limited partnership programs an