es. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be ----------- entitled to the perquisites as follows:
a. The Executive shall be provided with an appropriate office and secretarial and clerical staff.
b. The Company's lease of an automobile, (the "Vehicle"), shall be provided by the Company for the Executive's use, pursuant to the Company's leased car policy as currently in effect. Under the Company's leased car policy, an amount of up to 4% of the Executive's base salary (as provided in Section 5a of this Agreement) will be paid by the Company toward the lease payments, insurance and maintenance costs of the Vehicle. Should such costs for the Vehicle exceed that allowance, the Executive will be responsible for payment of any differential. The Executive shall be responsible for the cost of fuel consumed in the use of the Vehicle. Pursuant to the Company's current automobile policy, the Company will pay the Executive a mileage allowance as reimbursement for the use of the Vehicle in conducting the Company's business.
c. Pursuant to the Company's reserved parking policies, the Company shall pay all but $50.00 per month of the cost of a reserved parking space for the Executive at the Company's offices at Five Cambridge Center, Cambridge, Massachusetts.
d. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for up to $5,000.00 per year for the Executive's use of personal financial planning services.
7. Employment Benefits; Life Insurance. At the normal employee ----------------------------------- contribution rate to the Executive, the Company will provide the Executive with Master Medical coverage for the Executive and eligible members of the Executive's family (effective as of the beginning of the Employment Period), insurance on his life equal to One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) payable to a beneficiary designated by the Executive (in lieu of lesser coverage available under the usual terms of the life insurance policy which the Company offers) and long-term disability co