te of 20% for adjustable rate MBS's and fixed and floating rate CMO's.
The following table reflects the approximate weighted average tax equivalent yield (at an assumed Federal tax rate of 35%) of the available-for-sale investment portfolio at December 31, 1993 based upon amortized cost.
Available-for-Sale Investment Portfolio (Tax Equivalent Yields)
- -------- (1) Computation of weighted average tax equivalent yields includes $97.9 million of floating rate MBS's and $36.4 million of floating rate CMO's.
Held-to-Maturity Investment Portfolio
The HTM portfolio is managed from an interest income perspective. Therefore, security sales and transfers from the HTM portfolio will be very infrequent. Occasionally, the Corporation will "clean up" the portfolio by selling its holdings of MBS's and CMO's that have paid down at least 85% of the purchased principal and are thus too small to efficiently administer. Also, unanticipated changes in tax law or regulatory capital standards could precipitate a sale. Securities could also be sold if there were a deterioration in the financial condition of the issuer of a security, if the security (after it is held one year) is within three months of maturity, or if the Corporation is involved in a major business combination or disposition. Securities will not be sold out of the HTM portfolio in response to changes in loan demand, interest rates, or prepayment speeds. Likewise, the Corporation will not use securities in the HTM portfolio to manage the interest rate risk of the Corporation.
Treasuries have very stable cash flows, minimum credit risk, and utilize no capital on the margin. They are therefore an excellent offset to the duration of the Corporation's liabilities. MBS balloon securities have relatively stable cash flows due to the balloon structure, utilize only a small amount of capital and also have minimum credit risk. In general, CMO's are bought to offset core liabilities and capital of the Corporation. These CMO's are hel