ng on the May 1992 motions for rehearing, GSU has continued to bill Cajun utilizing the historical billing methodology and has booked underpaid transmission charges, including interest, in the amount of $140.8 million as of December 31, 1993. This amount is reflected in long-term receivables and in other deferred credits, with no effect on net income.
On December 7, 1993, Cajun filed a complaint in the Middle District of Louisiana alleging that GSU failed to provide Cajun an opportunity to construct certain facilities that allegedly would have reduced its rates under Service Schedule CTOC, and Cajun seeks an order compelling the conveyance of certain facilities and unspecified damages. GSU has moved to dismiss the complaint on the basis, among others, that FERC has already addressed the matter in the proceedings described above.
In May 1990, GSU received a subpoena from the Office of Inspector General - Investigations, United States Department of Agriculture, seeking production of documents relating to the construction costs of River Bend. Such office is authorized to investigate matters relating to programs of the Department of Agriculture. GSU has been sued by Cajun with respect to its participation in River Bend with funds made available through Department programs administered by the REA. GSU has failed in its efforts to have the REA made a party to the Cajun litigation. GSU does not know the purpose of such Office's investigation, but presently assumes that it relates to the Cajun civil litigation since the production of documents sought by such Office is similar to that sought by Cajun in its action against GSU. However, there can be no assurance given by GSU as to the real purpose of such Office's investigation. Among other areas of responsibility, such office is authorized to investigate possible violations of law. GSU believes the subpoena proceeding has been administratively dismissed without prejudice to the parties.
On December 2, 1991, Cajun filed a com