utual Lenders. After the restructuring, the Pacific Mutual Lenders will own a majority of the new Common Shares.
The Disclosure Statement was approved by the Court after a hearing on June 8 and 9, 1994. The Disclosure Statement was mailed to the Trust's creditors and equity security holders on or about June 21, 1994, with ballots to be returned by July 18, 1994. A hearing to confirm the Plan is tentatively scheduled from July 27 through August 8, 1994.
EFFECT OF ECONOMIC DOWNTURN ON DISPOSITIONS. Overall recessionary factors and depressed conditions in the real estate industry, which result in part from the contraction of available financing to the commercial real estate industry, have restricted the Trust's ability to generate liquidity through the sale of its properties because potential buyers have been unable to obtain the necessary financing to consummate transactions.
VALUATION LOSSES. The Trust recorded $53,089,000 in 1993 as an allowance for possible investment losses. The valuation loss provision was recorded based on appraisals and management's estimate of net realizable values of certain real properties owned by the Trust, notes receivable secured by real properties and Partnership interests, and after consideration of various market factors adversely affecting real estate at the present time, particularly the lack of credit available to purchasers of commercial real estate and overbuilt commercial real estate markets. Gain or loss will be recorded in the future to the extent that amounts realized from sale of these properties differ from the appraised or estimated net realizable values. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."
Since its inception in 1973, the Trust has sought to acquire a diversified portfolio of income producing real property and mortgage investments (as opposed to investment acquired primarily for possible capital gain), primarily in California. The Trust does not intend to actively i