 on or about October 7, 1991, a payment of $1,156,292.50 was made by Mr. Singer's wife to the Company. Counsel for Mr. Singer has advised the Company that Mr. Singer intended to purchase the DR Holdings Bonds for his wife's account, that the transaction was executed in a Company account as the result of a broker's error, and that the subsequent transfer of the DR Holdings Bonds from a Company account to his wife's account and payment by his wife to the Company, as described above, were undertaken to correct the broker's error. Counsel for Mr. Singer has further advised the Company that, on October 2, 1991, Mr. Singer's wife sold the $2,213,000 principal amount of DR Holdings Bonds for $1,316,735.
Gary Singer was convicted of violations of federal criminal laws in connection with certain of the foregoing transactions, and certain of such transactions are also the subject of allegations in the SEC Complaint that, among other things, Gary Singer entered into such trades for the purpose of diverting profits from the Company to such relatives. See Note 18. Section 4.12 of the Indenture (as in effect prior to consummation of the Exchange Offer and Solicitation) contained a covenant limiting the Company's ability to, among other things, sell any of its property or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, any Affiliate of the Company (as defined in the Indenture as then in effect).
Section 4.18 of the Indenture (as in effect after adoption of the First Supplemental Indenture but prior to consummation of the Exchange Offer and Solicitation) contained a covenant prohibiting the Company from maintaining an equity interest for more than eighteen months in, and making any direct or indirect advances, loans or other extensions of credit to, any person that is not consolidated with the Company. From time to time, the Company has maintained an equity interest in unconsolidated persons for more than the permitted period and may have engaged in transactions that could be c