involvement of creditor constituencies, the parties have sought to broaden negotiations to encompass a global settlement of disputes involving the B&B entities. If Lubekeman is not settled, the current plaintiffs' counsel will continue prosecution of the action on a contingency fee basis. Due to settlement negotiations, there has been little discovery and, therefore, the likelihood of success on the merits is uncertain.
July 21, 1994
FORMER SHAREHOLDER LITIGATION. On April 27, 1993, the Trust received notice that it had been named as a defendant in a complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California (the "Aizuss Action"). The complaint was filed by about 130 former Commonwealth Equity Trust shareholders and named defendants the Trust, current and former Trustees, B&B II and its shareholders, and various current and former professional advisors and consultants to the Trust. The plaintiffs allege breach of fiduciary duty, violation of federal and state securities laws, violation of civil RICO, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, negligence and civil conspiracy. The non-Debtor defendants to this litigation filed a motion to dismiss the plaintiffs' complaint and a request for sanctions. The district court granted the motion, and assessed sanctions against the plaintiffs' attorneys. Subsequently, pursuant to a stipulation by and between the Trust and the plaintiffs, the action was dismissed without prejudice as to the Trust.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
No annual meeting of the Trust's shareholders was held during 1993. No matters were put to a vote of the shareholders.
July 21, 1994
PART II
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SECURITY HOLDER MATTERS
The Trust has one class of authorized and outstanding equity consisting of common shares of beneficial interest, par value $1.00 per share.
Historical Pricing of and Market for Shares
From its inception through A