s determined that his employment agreement would provide for that bonus to be paid in four annual installments, the second of which was paid in 1993. The installment due to have been paid in June, 1994 is currently in default and the final remaining installment is due to be paid in June, 1995. See "Employment Contracts."
LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM
Additional long-term cash and equity incentives has been provided through the 1987 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Stock Plan"). The Stock Plan combines the features of a stock option plan and a performance unit plan by providing for the issuance of up to 500,000 shares of Common Stock through the granting of stock options and the award of incentive shares. Under the Stock Plan, incentive shares are awarded to those executive officers and other key employees who, in the opinion of the Committee, are in positions which enable them to make significant contributions to the long-term performance and growth of the Company. The extent to which incentive share awards are earned is determined at the end of the three-year award cycle, based upon the achievement of a net income goal set forth in the three-year business plan adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to or during the first year of the cycle. Awards are paid, in the discretion of the Committee, in cash or in shares of Common Stock of the Company, on or before the May 1st following the end of the three-year cycle. The Stock Plan provides for the acceleration of the determination and payment of awards thereunder in the event of a change of control of the Company. Incentive shares awarded in November, 1986 were fully earned as of the end of 1989, and 79,940 shares were issued under the Stock Plan. Inasmuch as no additional awards have been granted or are outstanding under the Stock Plan, the change in control resulting from the Selex transaction did not result in the acceleration of the determination and payment of awards thereunder.
The Stock Plan also provides 