 operations of the Coto de Caza joint venture in accordance with the cost method of accounting.
During 1992, the Partnership sold 60% of its interest in two land parcels located in the Weston Community to unaffiliated third-party purchasers. Subsequent to these transactions, the Partnership and the purchasers each contributed their interests in these land parcels to two joint ventures which were established for the purpose of constructing housing products within Weston. The Partnership entered into development management agreements with these joint ventures. Pursuant to the terms of these agreements, the Partnership has agreed to fund all development and construction costs, as well as certain overheads, incurred on behalf of the joint ventures' projects. Amounts funded are to be reimbursed by the joint ventures from sales revenues generated by each joint venture. Amounts advanced by the Partnership to each respective joint venture earn interest at 8.5% for the first year and prime (6.0% at December 31, 1993) plus 2% per annum thereafter. During the first quarter of 1993, one of the joint ventures obtained project specific financing in the amount of $4,950,000 to fund its development and construction activities. In accordance with the provisions of this financing agreement, as of December 31, 1993, the Partnership had been reimbursed the majority of amounts previously advanced to the joint venture. As a result of this financing arrangement, the Partnership does not anticipate the need for future advances to this venture. Due to significant sales activity, amounts previously advanced to the Partnership's other joint venture were reimbursed in full as of December 31, 1993. These reimbursements are the primary reasons for the decrease in investments in and advances to joint ventures on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets from December 31, 1992 to December 31, 1993. Also contributing to the decrease in investments in and advances to joint ventures on the accompa