l January 1989, Gene E. Phillips, who served as a Trustee of the Trust until December 31, 1992, and William S. Friedman, the President and a Trustee of the Trust, were executive officers and directors of Southmark Corporation ("Southmark"). Mr. Phillips served as Chairman of the Board and Director (since 1980) and President and Chief Executive Officer (since 1981) and Mr. Friedman served as Vice Chairman of the Board (since 1982), Director (since 1980) and Secretary (since 1984) of Southmark.
As a result of a deadlock on Southmark's Board of Directors, Messrs. Phillips and Friedman reached a series of related agreements with Southmark on January 17, 1989 (collectively, the "Separation Agreement"), whereby Messrs. Phillips and Friedman resigned their positions with Southmark and certain of Southmark's subsidiaries and affiliates. The Separation Agreement was later modified by certain agreements in another set of agreements dated as of June 30, 1989 (collectively, the "June Agreements"). Southmark filed a voluntary petition in bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on July 14, 1989.
ITEM 10. TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND ADVISOR OF THE REGISTRANT (Continued)
Trustees (Continued)
Litigation Against Southmark or its Affiliates Alleging Fraud or Mismanagement. In addition to the litigation related to the Southmark bankruptcy, there were several lawsuits filed against Southmark, its former officers and directors (including Messrs. Phillips and Friedman) and others, alleging, among other things, that such persons and entities engaged in conduct designed to defraud and mislead the investing public by intentionally misrepresenting the financial condition of Southmark. In so far as such allegations related to them, Messrs. Phillips and Friedman deny them. Those lawsuits in which Mr. Friedman was also a defendant are summarized below. THE TRUST IS NOT A DEFENDANT IN ANY OF THESE LAWSUITS.
In Burt v. Grant Thornton, Gene E. Phillips and William S. F