arketed through specialty shops, distributors, and special equipment dealers.
Jackson Exit Device, Builders Brass Works, Oliver-MacLeod, Portland Willamette, Glassfyre, Premier, Ultrafyre, and Pro-Jet are important trade names to these businesses.
These products, on a combined basis, accounted for 5 percent of the Company's sales in 1993, compared to 6 percent in 1992 and 6 percent in 1991.
--------------------
No single customer of the Company accounted for more than 10 percent of consolidated net sales or more than 10 percent of any segment's net sales in 1993, and no material part of the business is dependent upon a single customer the loss of which could have a materially adverse effect on the business of the Company.
The backlog of unshipped orders was $86 million at December 31, 1993-- 56 percent Lighting, 43 percent Compressors and Vacuum Pumps, and 1 percent Other--and $91 million at December 31, 1992--59 percent Lighting, 40 percent Compressors and Vacuum Pumps, and 1 percent Other. The Company believes substantially all of such orders are firm, although some orders are subject to cancellation. Substantially all of these orders are filled in the succeeding year.
Competition in the lighting industry is strong in all markets served by the Company. The industry has been consolidating significantly over the last few years. It is estimated that five companies control the majority of the market in the U.S. and Canada. Thomas Industries is one of these top five. The Company stresses high quality and energy efficient lighting products, while providing value and strong customer support to compete in its markets.
The Compressors and Vacuum Pumps Segment competes worldwide in the fractional horsepower compressor and vacuum pump markets. Management believes it is the major supplier to the OEM medical market and a significant participant in its other OEM markets. The Company believes that it has adequate sources of materials and supplies for each of its businesses.
Ther