 for each of the years in the three-year period ended October 31,1993 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming CooperSurgical, Inc. will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company's recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Additionally, the independent auditors' report dated January 24, 1994 on the parent's financial statements as of October 31, 1993 included an explanatory paragraph describing a substantial doubt about the parent's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements and financial statement schedules do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.
KPMG PEAT MARWICK
Stamford, Connecticut January 24, 1994
COOPERSURGICAL, INC. BALANCE SHEET
See accompanying notes to financial statements.
COOPERSURGICAL, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
See accompanying notes to financial statements.
COOPERSURGICAL, INC. STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 1993, 1992, 1991 AND 1990
See accompanying notes to financial statements.
COOPERSURGICAL, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
During Fiscal 1993, furniture and equipment with a net book value of $56 were transferred to CooperSurgical from the Parent. This non-cash transaction was recorded as an increase to Parent advances.
During Fiscal 1991, CooperSurgical assumed notes payable of $1,525 with the acquisition of Euro-Med Endoscope and Euro-Med, Inc., see Note 2. Also during fiscal 1991, CooperSurgical assumed promissory notes, due to its Parent, as a result of a $450 non-cash equity transf