cilities owned and operated by the Operating Subsidiaries. The Operating Subsidiaries are in the process of permitting additional capacity to meet future disposal needs.
- 27 -
Costs are being incurred as the Operating Subsidiaries progress with implementation of both West Virginia's and Pennsylvania's 1992 solid waste regulatory changes. A predominant portion of the costs are attributable to two major factors: 1) liner systems for new disposal sites and the expansion portion of existing disposal sites, and 2) the assessment of groundwater impacts via monitoring wells. Because past operating practices, while in compliance with then existing regulations, may not meet the current criteria, as measured by new standards, it is possible that groundwater remediation may be required at some of the Operating Subsidiaries' facilities. In addition, under West Virginia's Solid Waste Rules, it is possible that certain active disposal sites may have to be retrofitted with liner systems to address potential groundwater degradation. The draft permit renewal from WVDEP for the currently active disposal site at Albright Power Station requires, on a portion of the site, retrofitting with a new liner system with possible removal of already placed coal combustion byproducts. The Operating Subsidiaries are working to have this proposed permit condition removed; however if it is not, it is anticipated that this condition will be appealed.
EPA regulations on the burning of hazardous waste in utility boilers are expected to be amended in 1994 making the practice cost prohibitive for the Operating Subsidiaries. Until such time as the regulations are amended, the Operating Subsidiaries will continue to minimize their hazardous waste and to burn small quantities of hazardous waste generated in accordance with EPA boiler and industrial furnace disposal rules. Once such regulations are amended, the low volume wastes will be disposed of in incinerators or landfills which are owned by third parti