nouncement that it signed an agreement to settle the lawsuit filed by the Hawaii Insurance Commissioner and Hawaii Insurance Guaranty Association against HEI relating to losses sustained by HIG from Hurricane Iniki, D&P stated that the settlement and additional charge to income fit within the assumptions pertinent to D&P's current ratings for HEI. The settlement agreement is subject to court approval. (See "Discontinued operations -- The Hawaiian Insurance & Guaranty Co., Ltd. for a further discussion on the settlement agreement.)
On April 28, 1993, Moody's Investor Service (Moody's) confirmed the credit ratings of HEI, citing HEI's plans to issue additional common equity in order to rebalance its capital structure. Moody's stated that its concerns regarding a lawsuit associated with HIG and stemming from Hurricane Iniki are partially mitigated by the possible long period before a fully litigated decision is reached. The confirmation concluded a review for possible downgrade initiated on December 4, 1992.
In October 1993, S&P completed its review of the U.S. investor-owned electric utility industry and concluded that more stringent financial risk standards are appropriate to counter mounting business risk. "S&P believes the industry's credit profile is threatened chiefly by intensifying competitive pressures," the agency said in a statement. It also cited sluggish demand expectations, slow earnings growth prospects, high dividend payouts and environmental cost pressures. Under the new guidelines, S&P rated HECO's business position as average.
As of February 11, 1994, HEI's and HECO's S&P, Moody's and D&P security ratings were as follows:
N/A Not applicable.
(1) S&P. Debt rated BBB or BBB+ is regarded as having an adequate capacity to pay interest and repay principal. Whereas it normally exhibits adequate protection parameters, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity to pay interest and repay principal for 