ty are to be classified as held-to-maturity securities and reported at amortized cost.
o Debt and equity securities that are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling in the near future are to be classified as trading securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in current earnings.
o Debt and equity securities not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or trading securities are to be classified as available-for- sale securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses reported as a separate component of stockholder s equity.
The Statement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993 and is to be initially applied as of the beginning of the fiscal year. The Company will adopt the provisions of this Statement January 1, 1994.
LSB Industries, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
2. Accounting Policies (continued)
Management has determined that the effect of the adoption of this Statement will not be material to the Company.
Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are collateralized by mortgage- backed securities. These fixed-coupon agreements are carried at their contractual amounts and are accounted for as financings.
Loans Receivable
Loans receivable are stated at unpaid principal balances, less the allowance for loan losses, deferred loan origination fees and discounts. Discounts on first mortgage loans are amortized to income using the interest method over the remaining period to contractual maturity, adjusted for prepayments. The allowance for loan losses is increased by charges to income and decreased by chargeoffs (net of recoveries). Management s periodic evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance is based on Equity Bank s past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of the un