% instead of the 12% suggested by the OTS because of current market conditions and the nature of the Bank's multi-family portfolio. (b) Includes investment in FHLB Stock and other stock. (c) Excludes borrowings by the employee stock ownership plan.
SERVICE CORPORATION ACTIVITIES
The Bank has six wholly owned subsidiaries; St. Paul Service, Inc. ("St. Paul Service"), St. Paul Securities, Inc., Managed Properties, Inc., Community Finance Corporation, EFS Service Corporation and EFS/San Diego Service Corporation. These subsidiaries are incorporated in the state of Illinois.
St. Paul Service is an insurance agency providing a variety of insurance coverage including homeowners, automobile, life, disability income, special multi-peril, commercial automobile, dwelling, fire and allied lines, liability, bonds, workers compensation, and group health plans. The Bank Credit Review Department risk rates all annuity insurance companies with which it does business or is contemplating doing business.
The Bank offers discount brokerage services directly to its customers through Investment Network, Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of St. Paul Securities, Inc. Investment Network, Inc., provides a full line of investment brokerage services through 52 of the Bank's branches and employs 15 registered principals and 91 registered representatives. As a registered broker/dealer the company is subject to regulation under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Bank Credit Review Department risk rates all broker-dealers and mutual fund seller companies with which it does business or is contemplating doing business.
Managed Properties, Inc. is engaged in the management of real estate acquired by the Bank through foreclosure of multi-family and commercial real estate loans.
Community Finance Corporation holds investments in a general partnership which acquires limited partnership interests in low income building development projects to help comply with the Community Reinvestment Act.
EFS Servic