ird parties. All of these requests are pending.
In June 1993, the Corporation, along with the other RHCs, filed a joint request for a waiver to provide information services on an interLATA basis. A condition of the request is that the RHCs lease the interLATA transport from independent interexchange carriers. Opposition briefs were filed in October 1993.
In January 1992, the Court denied a waiver to allow Ameritech Corporation (Ameritech), an RHC, to receive royalties from the sale to third parties of telecommunication equipment designed, developed and/or manufactured by the unaffiliated party with the financial assistance of Ameritech. The Court also denied the DOJ's request for a declaratory ruling that a funding/royalty agreement with a firm in which an RHC has neither a significant equity interest nor influence over operations does not constitute manufacturing. The ruling was appealed to determine the issue of whether an otherwise independent company over which an RHC has no operating control and only a minimal ownership interest, may be labelled an "affiliated enterprise" of the RHC under the MFJ, and whether a funding/royalty relationship such as that proposed by Ameritech is permissible under the MFJ. In December 1993, the D.C. Circuit Court ruled that the MFJ bans all arrangements in which RHCs have a direct and continuing share in the revenues of entities engaged in restricted activities. However, Ameritech's waiver request was remanded to the Court for further consideration and is pending.
The Corporation has requested relief with regard to certain paging services, as described below. Although the Corporation recently sold its paging services subsidiary, these requests are being pursued as they may have relevance to other aspects of the Corporation's business. In February 1989, the Court granted a waiver permitting the RHCs to provide multi-LATA one-way paging services regardless of geographic scope, but included a condition requiring the interexchange lin