ervices, Inc. and Caterair International Corp. for $119 million in a series of phased closings that commenced in December 1993 and are expected scheduled to continue through mid-1994. Under the agreements, the purchasers will provide catering services for United at the airports served by the flight kitchens for seven years.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company is involved from time to time in legal proceedings incidental to the ordinary course of its business. Such proceedings include claims brought by and against the Company or its subsidiaries including claims seeking substantial compensatory and punitive damages. Such claims arise from routine commercial disputes as well as incidents resulting in bodily injury and damage to property. The Company believes that the potential liabilities in all of bodily injury and property damage actions are adequately insured and none of the other actions are expected to have any material adverse effect on the Company or its subsidiaries.
Noise Proceedings
United may be affected by legal proceedings brought by owners of property located near certain airports. Plaintiffs generally seek to enjoin certain aircraft operations and/or to obtain damages against airport operators and air carriers as a result of alleged aircraft noise or air pollution. Any liability or injunctive relief imposed against airport operations or air carriers could result in higher costs to United and other air carriers.
The ultimate disposition of the matters discussed in Item 3 hereof, and other claims affecting the Company, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition.
Item 4.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J (2) (c) of Form 10- K.
PART II
Item 5.
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters
United is a wholly-owned subsidiary of UAL Corporation.
Item 6.
Item 6. Selected Financial Data
Year Ended December 31