he securities of any affiliate other than the shares of a subsidiary. The Director of the OTS may further restrict these transactions in the interest of safety and soundness. At December 31, 1993, BankAtlantic was in compliance with the restrictions regarding affiliate transactions.
Subordinated Debentures - Insured institutions may increase their regulatory risk-based capital by selling subordinated debentures only with the prior written approval of the OTS. Applicable regulations also prohibit the inclusion in regulatory risk-based capital of subordinated debentures which have an original maturity of less than seven years and restrict the timing of sinking fund payments with respect to such securities. Pursuant to FIRREA, maturing capital instruments issued on or before November 7, 1989 includable as regulatory capital must be amortized pursuant to a schedule that permits 100% to be included when the years to maturity are greater than or equal to seven, and decreases by approximately one-seventh each year thereafter. Subordinated debentures issued after November 7, 1989 may, subject to regulatory approval prior to inclusion, be includable in regulatory capital, but such inclusion is limited based on one of two elections to be chosen by the issuing institution. The institution may elect to phase capital inclusion out on a straight-line basis over the last five years to maturity of the instrument, or may elect to limit the inclusion of the subordinated debt with less than seven years to maturity to 20% of the institution's capital. The OTS is permitted to determine the treatment of subordinated debentures if an institution is in receivership. At December 31, 1993, all of BankAtlantic's subordinated debentures had been redeemed.
Liquidity Requirements of the OTS - The OTS' regulations currently require all member savings institutions to maintain an average daily balance of liquid assets (cash, certain time deposits, banker's acceptances, specified United States gover