agement uses available information to recognize losses on loans and real estate owned, future additions to the allowances may be necessary based on changes in economic conditions, particularly in the Mid- Atlantic region of the United States. In addition, as an integral part of their examination process, various regulatory agencies periodically review the Corporation's allowance for losses on loans and real estate owned. Such agencies may require the Corporation to recognize additions to the allowances based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination.
Foreign Currency Transactions--Foreign currency amounts, including those related to foreign branches, are remeasured into the functional currency (the U.S. dollar) generally at relevant exchange rates. Aggregate transaction gains and losses are included in other income and other expense and are not material to the financial statements.
Money Market Investments--Money market investments are stated at cost, which approximates market value except for trading account securities which are carried at market value. Adjustments to market and trading account gains and losses are classified as other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
Securities--At December 31, 1993, the Corporation adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities." SFAS No. 115 requires the classification of securities into one of three categories: trading, available- for-sale, or held-to-maturity. At the time of purchase, management determines the appropriate designation for debt securities and reassesses the classification periodically.
FIRST MARYLAND BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)
Trading account securities are purchased with the intent to earn a profit by trading or selling the security. These securities are stated at market value. Adjustments to the car