he relevant findings and conclusions here in future proceedings where the other interests of these parties have decisional significance." Certain adverse parties have attempted to use the footnote in the LA STAR decision in a number of unrelated, contested proceedings which TDS and the Company have pending before the FCC. In addition, since the LA STAR proceeding, FCC authorizations in uncontested FCC proceedings have been granted subject to any subsequent action the FCC may take concerning the LA STAR footnote.
On February 1, 1994, in a proceeding involving a license originally issued to TDS for a rural service area in Wisconsin, the FCC instituted a hearing to determine whether in the La Star case the Company had misrepresented facts to, lacked candor in its dealings with or attempted to mislead the FCC and, if so, whether TDS possesses the requisite character qualifications to hold that Wisconsin license. The FCC stated that, pending resolution of the issues in the Wisconsin proceeding, further grants to TDS and its subsidiaries will be conditioned on the outcome of that proceeding. TDS was granted interim authority to continue to operate the Wisconsin system pending completion of the hearing.
An adverse finding in the Wisconsin hearing could result in a variety of possible sanctions, ranging from a fine to loss of the Wisconsin license, and could, as stated in the FCC order, be raised and considered in other proceedings involving TDS and its subsidiaries. TDS and the Company believe they acted properly in connection with the La Star application and that the findings and record in the La Star proceeding are not relevant in any other proceeding involving their FCC license qualifications.
TOWNES TELECOMMUNICATIONS, INC., ET. AL. V. TDS, ET. AL. Plaintiffs Townes Telecommunications, Inc. ("Townes"), Tatum Telephone Company ("Tatum Telephone") and Tatum Cellular Telephone Company ("Tatum Cellular") filed a suit in the District Court of Rusk County, Texas, against bot