lley Unit 2 (through approximately 1996 and 1995, respectively), and the next seven
reloads for Perry Unit 1 (through approximately 2003). The CAPCO companies have a contract with the U.S. Enrichment Corporation for enrichment services for all CAPCO nuclear units through 2014.
Prior to the expiration of existing commitments, the Companies intend to make additional arrangements for the supply of uranium and for the subsequent conversion, enrichment, fabrication, reprocessing and/or waste disposal services, the specific prices and availability of which are not known at this time. Due to the present lack of availability of domestic reprocessing services, to the continuing absence of any program to begin development of such reprocessing capability and questions as to the economics of reprocessing, the Companies are calculating nuclear fuel costs based on the assumption that spent fuel will not be reprocessed. On- site spent fuel storage facilities for the Perry Plant are expected to be adequate through 2010; facilities at Beaver Valley Units 1 and 2 are expected to be adequate through 2011 and 2005, respectively. After on-site storage capacity is exhausted, additional storage capacity will have to be obtained which could result in significant additional costs unless reprocessing services or permanent waste disposal facilities become available. The Federal Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 provides for the construction of facilities for the disposal of high-level nuclear wastes, including spent fuel from nuclear power plants operated by electric utilities; however, the selection of a suitable site has become embroiled in the political process. Duquesne and CEI have each previously entered into contracts with the U.S. Department of Energy for the disposal of spent fuel from the Beaver Valley Power Station and the Perry Plant, respectively.
System Capacity and Reserves
The 1993 net maximum hourly demand on the Companies of 5,729,000 kW (including 450,000 kW of firm power sa