orporate offices, RPC and RSC space is operated under lease with the exception of the principal executive offices of Household International in Prospect Heights, Illinois, the headquarters building for HFC Bank plc in the United Kingdom, Alexander Hamilton's headquarters building in Farmington Hills, Michigan, and administration buildings in Northbrook, Illinois and Salinas, California. An additional administrative facility is currently under construction in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Company believes that such properties are in good condition and are adequate to meet Household International's current and reasonably anticipated needs.
Household International has, and will continue to, invest in property and technological improvements to achieve greater efficiencies in the marketing, servicing and production of its loan products. During 1993 the Company invested $110 million in capital expenditures, compared to $90 million in 1992. Automobiles, office equipment and real estate properties owned and in use by the Company are not significant in relation to the total assets of the Company.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal proceedings, including product liability and environmental claims, resulting from ordinary business activities related to its current operations and/or former businesses which were managed as independent subsidiaries of the Company. Certain of these actions are or purport to be class actions seeking damages in very large amounts. Due to the uncertainties in litigation and other factors, no assurance can be given that the Company or its subsidiaries will ultimately prevail in each instance. However, for all litigation involving the Company and/or its subsidiaries, the Company believes that amounts, if any, that may ultimately be paid by the Company as damages in any such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Company.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUB