rty is expected to incur during 1994 and for the next several years, it is unlikely that a restructuring of the mortgage loan will be obtained. The loan restructuring is part of a larger restructuring with the lender involving a number of loans secured by various properties in which O&Y affiliates have an interest. JMB/125 has notified the O&Y partners that their failure to advance funds to cover the operating deficits constitutes a default under the joint venture agreement.
Accordingly, it appears unlikely the O&Y partners will fulfill their obligations to 125 Broad and JMB/125. Therefore, it appears unlikely that 125 Broad will be able to restructure the mortgage loan, and JMB/125 is not likely to commit any significant additional amounts to the property. This would result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in the property. If this event were to occur, the Partnership would recognize a net gain for financial reporting and Federal income tax purposes without any corresponding distributable proceeds. In addition, under certain circumstances JMB/125 may be required to make an additional capital contribution to 125 Broad in order to make up a deficit balance in its capital account. Reference is made to Note 3(c)(iv).
260 Franklin Street Building
The office market in the Financial District of Boston remains competitive due to new office building developments and layoffs, cutbacks and consolidations by financial service companies. The effective rental rates achieved upon releasing have been substantially below the rates which were received under the previous leases for the same space. In December 1991, 260 Franklin, the affiliated joint venture, reached an agreement with the lender to modify the long-term mortgage note secured by the 260 Franklin Street Building. The property is currently expected to operate at a deficit for 1994 and for several years thereafter. The loan modification required that the affiliated joint venture establish an escrow 