 were achieved during that year. Systems have been installed in gunnery and battlefield simulation applications, and systems have been sold overseas. During the fourth quarter of 1992, the ESIG 2000 was selected as the visual image generator system for the U.S. Army's Close Combat Tactical Trainer (CCTT) ground forces training system. This long-term contract is one of the largest secured in the history of the Company.
LIBERTY/TM/(3): A very low-cost image generator, compatible with ESIG 2000 -------------- models and selling for under $100,000, was announced at SIGGRAPH in July of 1993. Shipments of this new system are expected by mid-1994.
ESIG 3000: The ESIG 3000 is a moderately priced, high-performance system --------- which is expected to serve customer requirements across a broad range of applications. It serves mid-range and high-performance requirements for military training and forms the basis for our civil airline image generation product line.
ESIG 4000: The ESIG 4000 is a very high-performance system which is --------- expected to fill the most demanding requirements for military tactical training, including mission rehearsal and other applications where only highest performance will serve the customer's needs. The ESIG 4000 is especially designed to facilitate the rapid development of terrain and feature models using the latest in satellite and photographic data.
Projectors, Domes, and Software: E&S supplies other components required in ------------------------------- the high-performance simulation market, including processors for infrared and radar simulation. Projector systems, helmet displays, dome structures, screen materials, and high-speed projectors for area-of-interest and target-display applications round out the hardware offerings to the simulation market. Modeling software and system integration is often a key element of the system solutions provided by the Company.
- ---------- (2) ESIG(R) is a registered trademark of the Company. (3) Libert