account for excess cash flow from the property's operations (computed without a deduction for property management fees and leasing commissions to an affiliate) to be used to cover the cost of capital and tenant improvements and lease inducements, which are the primary components of the anticipated operating deficits noted above, as defined, with the balance, if any, of such escrowed funds available at the scheduled or accelerated maturity to be used for the payment of principal and interest due to the lender. Beginning January 1, 1992, 260 Franklin began escrowing the payment of property management fees and lease commissions owed to an affiliate of the Corporate General Partner pursuant to the terms of the debt modification, which is more fully described in Note 4(b), and accordingly, such fees and commissions remained unpaid. The Partnership's share of such fees and lease commissions is approximately $523,615 at December 31, 1993. In 1995, the leases of tenants occupying approximately 107,000 square feet (approximately 31% of the property) at the 260 Franklin Street Building expire. It is anticipated that there will be significant cost related to releasing this space. In addition, the long-term mortgage loan matures January 1, 1996. If the Partnership is unable to refinance or extend the mortgage loan, the Partnership may decide not to commit any significant additional funds. This may result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in the property. This would result in the Partnership recognizing a gain for financial reporting purposes.
900 Third Avenue Building
During the year, occupancy of this building increased to 95%, up from 92% in the previous year primarily due to Investment Technology Group, Inc. occupying 15,636 square feet (approximately 3% of the building's leasable space) in the second quarter of 1993. The midtown Manhattan market remains very competitive. Although, the joint venture is in discussions with the existing lender for a pos