ginate 1-4 family loans in the states of Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio. The Bank also offers a variety of consumer loan products.
The Bank's focus on retail operations includes significant diversification of income sources beyond net interest income. The Bank has approximately 146,000 checking accounts, which generate significant fee income. The Bank engages in mortgage banking activities and operates approximately 174 automated teller machines ("ATMs") throughout the Chicago metropolitan area.
In 1994, the Bank plans to originate mortgage loans secured by 5 to 35 unit apartment buildings located in the Chicago metropolitan area. Management has targeted the origination of $50 million of loans under this new multi-family lending program in 1994.
On February 23, 1993, the Company acquired Elm Financial Services, Inc., the holding company for Elmhurst Federal Savings Bank, an FDIC insured savings bank
(the "Elm Acquisition"). The acquisition of Elm Financial added 8 offices to the Bank's branch network and significantly expanded the Bank's presence in eastern Du Page County, Illinois. For further discussion see "Acquisition Activities" in Management's Discussion and Analysis and "NOTE Y -Acquisition of Elm Financial" to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") System. The Bank is subject to comprehensive examination, supervision and regulation by the Office of Thrift Supervision (the "OTS") and the FDIC. The Bank is also regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board"). Regulation of the Bank by the FDIC, the OTS and the Federal Reserve Board is intended primarily for the protection of depositors. See "Regulation."
The Bank controls three principal subsidiaries: Investment Network, Inc., which engages in the discount brokerage business; St. Paul Service, Inc. ("SPSI"), 