 percent of sales, expenses were 2% above the 1991 level. Strong marketing activities for the ESIG 2000 and ESIG 3000 in the Simulation Division and expenses surrounding the introduction and initial selling of the Freedom Series accounted for a substantial portion of the increase. The Company believes future sales opportunities in these areas justified increased expense.
Research and Development: Company-funded research and development ------------------------ increased 1% in 1993 from 1992, compared to a 2% decrease from 1991 to 1992. As a percent of sales, there was a 1% increase from 1992 to 1993. Management continues to practice stringent expense controls with the intent of reducing research and development expense, as a percent of revenues, over the next few years. However, high levels of R&D will continue in support of essential product development to ensure that the Company maintains technical excellence and market competitiveness. The Company continues to fund almost all R&D costs internally.
Restructuring Expense: As stated elsewhere in this report, the markets --------------------- served by the Company are undergoing significant changes presenting particular challenges and opportunities. For the Company to effectively meet the needs of its customers, major reorganization was essential. This restructuring, essentially completed in January, 1994, affected every business group in the Company. The graphics accelerator business group has been reorganized to serve its market sector entirely as an OEM supplier. The Simulation Division has been reorganized to focus its enterprise on the applications of its two major customer groups. The government sector, serving mainly domestic and international military training needs, is growing in importance to the Company and has generally lower margins and specialized service requirements. The commercial business sector serves the civil airline business which continues in a cyclical downturn. This sector also includes the e