nk premises and equipment are stated at cost less depreciation, which has been accumulated on the straight-line basis.
Intangible assets--Intangible assets attributable to the value of core deposits and goodwill acquired are included in other assets and are amortized over fifteen to twenty-five years, on a straight-line basis. The value of mortgage servicing rights acquired is amortized in relation to the servicing revenue expected to be earned.
Income taxes--Firstar and its subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return. The effect of items of income and expense that are recognized for financial reporting purposes in periods other than those in which they are recognized for tax purposes are reflected as a current or deferred tax asset or liability based on current tax laws. Accordingly, income taxes provided in the consolidated statements of income include charges or credits for deferred income taxes related to temporary differences.
Foreign currency translation--Monetary assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies are translated at the rate of exchange in effect at each year-end. Income statement items are translated monthly using the average rate for the month. Exchange adjustments, including gain or loss on forward exchange contracts, are charged or credited to income currently.
Cash and cash equivalents--For purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents are considered to include the balance sheet caption cash and due from banks.
Interest rate swaps and other agreements--Firstar enters into interest rate swaps and other agreements to manage its interest rate exposure and to serve as a financial intermediary for matched transactions. Transactions designated as hedges of assets or liabilities are recorded using the accrual method and settlements are classified as interest income or expense in the consolidated statements of income according to the type of earning assets or interest bearing liability that the 