ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL
Oregon Steel Mills, Inc. (the "Company" or the "Registrant") was founded in 1926 by William G. Gilmore and was incorporated in California in 1928. The Company reincorporated in Delaware in 1974. The Company changed its name in December 1987 from Gilmore Steel Corporation to Oregon Steel Mills, Inc.
The Company has five plant locations, which include two steel mills. During 1993 the Company established the Portland steel and CF&I steel mills and the related downstream finishing facilities as separate business units to be known as the Oregon Steel Division and the CF&I Steel Division.
The Oregon Steel Division is centered on the Company's Portland, Oregon steel minimill (the "Portland Steel Mill"), which supplies steel for the Company's steel plate and large diameter pipe finishing facilities. The Portland Steel Mill operates under the name of Oregon Steel Mills, Inc. The wholly-owned and majority-owned operating divisions, which are included in the Oregon Steel Division, are: Oregon Steel Mills -- Fontana Division, Inc., a steel plate rolling mill in Fontana, California (the "Fontana Plate Mill"); Napa Pipe Corporation, a large diameter steel pipe mill and fabrication facility in Napa, California (the "Napa Facility"); and Camrose Pipe Corporation ("CPC") which owns a 60% interest in Camrose Pipe Company, a large diameter pipe and electric resistance welded ("ERW") pipe facility in Camrose, Alberta, Canada (the "Camrose Facility").
The CF&I Steel Division consists of the steelmaking and finishing facilities of CF&I Steel, L.P. ("CF&I") located in Pueblo, Colorado (the "Pueblo Steel Mill"). The Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, owns a 95.2 percent general partnership interest in CF&I. The Pueblo Steel Mill is a steel minimill which produces long-length and standard steel rails, seamless oil country tubular goods ("OCTG"), wire rod and wire products, and reinforcing bar.
The Company produces eight steel products which include most sta