 square feet of space and closed during the first quarter of 1994, a warehouse located in New Bedford, Massachusetts, consisting of approximately 742,000 square feet, which was leased by the Company. The Company's Canadian subsidiary leases approximately 28,000 square feet for warehousing in Mississauga, Ontario.
The Company leases approximately 119,000 square feet for its headquarters and administrative offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts in an office building owned by a partnership in which the Company is a limited partner. The Company is in negotiations to lease an additional 9,700 square feet of administrative offices in Cambridge. In addition, the Company leases approximately 1,700 square feet of office space in Paris, France for its Sperry Top-Sider European distribution subsidiary.
At December 3, 1993, the Company operated 138 retail stores throughout the country on leased premises which, in the aggregate, covered approximately 171,700 square feet of space. The Company also operates 52 departments in four major department store chains. In addition, the Company is the lessee of 81 retail locations totaling approximately 91,600 square feet which are subleased to independent Stride Rite dealers and other tenants.
For further information concerning the Company's lease obligations, see Note 8 to the Company's consolidated financial statements, which are contained in the annual report to stockholders and are incorporated by reference herein.
Management believes that, except as stated above, all properties and facilities of the Company are suitable, adequate and fit for their intended purposes.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings - ------- -----------------
On September 27, 1993, the Company announced that The Keds Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into settlement agreements with the Attorneys General of all 50 states, the Corporation Counsel of the District of Columbia and the Federal Trade Commission, to resolve various investigations in