ividends on the Company's common stock on a quarterly basis. However, future dividends will necessarily be dependent upon the Company's earnings, its financial condition and other factors.
The Company's Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan permits registered owners of common stock to reinvest all or a portion of their quarterly dividends in additional shares of the Company's common stock at the current market price. Shareholders also may invest cash on a monthly basis in additional shares at the current market price. The Plan was amended effective January 1, 1994 to allow shareholders to invest up to $50,000 per calendar year. Previously shareholders were allowed to invest up to $5,000 per quarter. During 1993, with about 50 percent of the Company's shareholders participating, dividend reinvestments and optional cash investments under the Plan aggregated $5.2 million and resulted in the issuance of 154,900 shares of common stock. During the sixteen years the Plan has been available the Company has issued and sold 2,676,800 shares of common stock which produced $49.1 million in additional capital.
Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION
Northwest Natural Gas Company's (Northwest Natural) consolidated wholly-owned subsidiaries consist of Oregon Natural Gas Development Corporation (Oregon Natural); NNG Energy Systems, Inc. (Energy Systems); NNG Financial Corporation (Financial Corporation); and Pacific Square Corporation (Pacific Square) (see "Subsidiary Operations" below and Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Together, Northwest Natural and these subsidiaries are referred to herein as the "Company."
The following is management's assessment of the Company's financial condition including the principal factors that impact results of operations. The discussion refers to the consolidated activities of the Company for the three years ended December 31, 1993.
Earnings and Dividends - --------------