ded based on the circumstances. BankAtlantic offers interest rate "locks" for periods of up to 150 days. BankAtlantic also issues short-term commitments on commercial real estate loans and commercial business loans. Short-term commitments generally remain open for no more than 90 days. BankAtlantic usually charges a commitment fee of 1% to 2% on short-term commitments relating to commercial real estate loans and commercial business loans. In most cases, half of the fee is payable upon the acceptance of the commitment and is non-refundable. If the loan is ultimately made, the remainder of the commitment fee is collected at closing.
Loan Servicing Rights - BankAtlantic generally retains servicing rights on loans which it sells and has sought to purchase additional servicing rights from third parties. BankAtlantic derives fees for providing the servicing of mortgage loans, including, among other fees, assumption fees and late charges. The amount of revenue earned from loan servicing is dependent on the prepayments of the underlying loans. Generally, as interest rates fall, loan prepayments accelerate, resulting in lower net revenues earned on loan servicing rights. Conversely, as interest rates rise, loan prepayments decline, resulting in higher net revenues earned on loan servicing rights.
Usury Limitations - The maximum rate of interest that BankAtlantic may charge for any particular loan transaction varies depending upon the purpose of the loan, the nature of the borrower, the security and other various factors set forth in Florida and federal interest rate laws. Under Florida law, BankAtlantic is not subject to any usury ceiling on loans secured by a first lien on residential real estate and certain other secured loans. Other types of loans are subject to Florida's statutory usury ceiling which is currently 18% per annum, although certain types of loans in excess of $500,000 may legally carry an interest rate of up to 25% per annum.
Non-Performing and Classified As