ks for multi-LATA paging services to be obtained from unaffiliated interexchange carriers. The Corporation appealed that portion of the order which prohibited it from owning the interexchange links outside the service territory of the Telephone Company. In October 1990, the D.C. Circuit Court reversed the Court's decision and remanded the matter to the Court for reconsideration. This matter is still pending.
In January 1993, the Corporation filed a request for a waiver to provide interLATA paging origination and access to voice storage and retrieval services. This waiver would permit the origination of pages from outside of LATA boundaries and permit paging subscribers to access their voice-mail messages from outside of a LATA. This request is pending with the Court.
Principal Services
The Telephone Company's principal services include local services, network access and long-distance (i.e., toll) services, which are provided in the states of Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas (five-state area).
Local services involve the transport of telecommunications traffic between telephones and other CPE located within the same local service calling area. Local services include: basic local exchange service, extended area service, dedicated private line services for voice and special services, directory assistance and various vertical services. Vertical services represent discretionary, generally nonregulated, services which a customer may choose to supplement his/her basic line, such as: call waiting, call forwarding, call blocking, etc.
Toll services involve the transport of traffic between local calling areas within the same LATA, and include such services as Wide Area Telecommunications Service (WATS or 800 services) and other special services.
Network access services link a subscriber's telephone or other equipment to the transmission facilities of other non-Telephone Company carriers which, in turn, provide long-distance and other communications services. Netw