uly 5, 1989.
The bulk of the loss results from provision for valuation losses of $28,298,000 recorded in 1991. The provision reflects the Trust's estimation of the net realizable values of its real estate investments as compared with the book value of such investments. The valuation loss provision was recorded after consideration of various market factors adversely affecting real estate at the present time. particularly the lack of credit available to purchasers of commercial real estate and overbuilt and overinvested commercial real estate markets. Thus, $12,800,000 of the valuation losses arise from properties owned in the Phoenix metropolitan area, which has experienced a lengthy period of oversaturation of retail and office properties. An additional $14,800,000 of the valuation losses relate to hotel properties and reflect increased competition arising from a general overinvestment in the hotel industry by developers and banks during the latter part of the 1980's. Gain or loss will be recorded in the future to the extent that amounts realized from sale of these properties differ from the estimated net realizable values. Losses and gains are realized only on sale of the underlying real property.
Net gain on sale of rental properties totalling $203,000 reflects net gain derived from the sale of 87 Scripps Drive, El Torito, National University and Vacation Special Apartments. The decrease in gain from 1990 reflects the continued slowdown in the commercial real estate market; current economic conditions have severely restricted credit availability to prospective buyers of Trust properties.
IMPACT OF INFLATION. The effect of inflation on the Trust's operations and properties is varied. Revenues have not recently been affected by inflation as highly competitive market conditions have prevented increases in rental rates for most of the Trust's properties and, in some cases, have caused rental rates to decrease. Although operating expenses are impacted by inflation, inf