nd, in February 1993, the Texas Court of Appeals (Appeals Court) upheld the Agreement, but found that the TPUC incorrectly applied laws on the treatment of federal income tax benefits related to disallowed expenses and directed the matter back to the TPUC for resolution. In August 1993, the Telephone Company and opposing intervenors filed appeals in the Texas Supreme Court, and the matter is pending.
In October 1992, the Office of Public Utility Counsel (OPUC) filed a petition for inquiry into the rates of the Telephone Company, alleging that the Telephone Company had realized excess annual earnings of approximately $234, which the sharing mechanism failed to capture. The Telephone Company filed a motion to dismiss in November 1992. In July 1993, TPUC granted the Telephone Company's motion to dismiss.
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions The adoption of Statement No. 106 for ratemaking purposes has been addressed by regulatory authorities in most of the Telephone Company's state jurisdictions. See Note 2 to the financial statements for additional information on Statement No. 106. Texas and Arkansas, through commission order, and Kansas, through stipulation and commission order, have agreed to accrual accounting for postretirement benefit expenses, with some funding requirements. In Missouri, the MPSC has ordered continued pay-as-you-go treatment for postretirement benefit expenses. The Telephone Company intends to appeal this order. In Oklahoma, the OCC has not ruled on the issue, although OCC staff has recommended accrual accounting for postretirement benefit expenses, with some funding requirements.
An FCC order issued in December 1991 required all local exchange carriers to use the amortization method for recognition of the transition benefit obligation. In June 1992, the Telephone Company asked the FCC for the ability to increase its price caps to take into account the incremental interstate costs resulting from the accrual accounting required by Statemen