sinesses fall into two broad categories: overseas power development and new electro- technologies. Entergy Corporation has made investments in Argentina's electric energy infrastructure, as described below, and is pursuing additional projects in Central America, South America, South Africa, and Asia. Entergy Corporation will also open offices in Buenos Aires, Argentina and Hong Kong in 1994. In addition, Entergy Corporation is seeking to provide telecommunications services based upon its experience with interactive communications systems that allow customers to control energy usage. Entergy Corporation expects to invest approximately $150 million per year in nonregulated businesses.
Current investments in nonregulated businesses include the following:
(1) Entergy Corporation's subsidiary, Entergy Power Development Corporation (an EWG under the provisions of the Energy Act), through its subsidiary (which is also an EWG) Entergy Richmond Power Corporation, owns a 50% interest in an independent power plant in Richmond, Virginia. The power plant is jointly-owned and operated by the Enron Power Corporation, a developer of independent power projects. The plant owners have a 25-year contract to sell electricity to Virginia Electric & Power Company. Entergy Corporation's investment in the project totals approximately $12.5 million.
(2) Entergy Enterprises has a 9.95% equity interest in First Pacific Networks, Inc. (FPN), a communications company, and a license from FPN in connection with utility applications, being jointly developed by Entergy Enterprises and FPN, for FPN's patented communications technology. Entergy Enterprises' investment in FPN is approximately $20.1 million, of which $9.7 million is equity investment.
(3) Entergy Enterprises' subsidiary, Entergy Systems and Service, Inc. (Entergy SASI), holds a 9.95% equity interest in Systems and Service International, Inc. (SASI), a manufacturer of efficient lighting products. This subsidiary also made a loan to SASI,