ch it uses for its executive office and main office for its Florida homebuilding operation in Boca Raton, Florida, and also leases office space in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company is involved in litigation and claims incident to the normal conduct of its business. Management believes that such litigation and claims will not have a materially adverse effect on the Company's business operations.
Item 4.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Not Applicable
Executive Officers of the Company
The following table sets forth the names and ages of all executive officers of the Company, the positions and offices with the Company held by each such person, and the period during which each such person has served as an executive officer.
The term of office of each executive officer continues until the first meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company following the next annual meeting of shareholders, and until the election and qualification of such officer's successor. There is no family relationship between the executive officers listed above, or between such executive officers and directors. All of the executive officers except Paul Milstein have been principally engaged in his present employment for more than five years. Mr. Milstein became Chairman on January 1, 1994, and for more than five years has been active as a real estate developer and investor.
PART II
Item 5.
Item 5. Market for the Company's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters
On March 16, 1994, there were 792 record holders of the Company's common stock and approximately 1,500 additional persons whose shares of Common Stock were held in street name. Such common stock is listed on the American Stock Exchange, which is the principal market on which such stock is traded. High and low sales prices on the American Stock Exchange for the Company's common stock during the last two years have been as follows:
The Company paid an extraordinary dividend 