ecorded charges to the carrying value of its equity memberships at Jacksonville Golf and Country Club and Broken Sound of approximately $2.2 million and $1.0 million, respectively. In addition, equity memberships also included a $1.0 million reduction in the value of The Oaks country club's equity memberships as discussed above.
Charges to the carrying value of real estate inventories and other assets during 1991 consisted of a charge to income of approximately $1.4 million to reduce the carrying value of the Partnership's interest in a commercial joint venture located in Tampa, Florida. Also included in 1991, was an approximate $0.7 million charge to the carrying value of housing product offered for sale in the Partnership's River Hills Community due to the decision to replace a higher-priced product line with a new lower-priced product more in line with market demand. In addition, the Partnership reduced the carrying value of an undeveloped land parcel held for sale in Jacksonville, Florida.
Interest income decreased for the year ended December 31, 1993 as compared to 1992 primarily due to an overall decrease in the average amounts invested in short-term instruments during 1993 as compared to 1992. Interest income decreased in 1992 in comparison to 1991 primarily as a result of the Partnership's purchase of its venture partner's interest in the Cullasaja Joint Venture and the resulting consolidation of the venture's operations. Interest income at December 31, 1991 includes interest earned on advances previously made by the Partnership to the joint venture. Also contributing to the decrease in interest income is the Partnership's decision to reserve interest income accrued on advances to the Coto de Caza Joint Venture. Reference is made to the Liquidity and Capital Resources section above for further discussion concerning the Partnership's ownership interest in the Coto de Caza joint venture.
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures increased for the yea