 is equal to the present value gain, is recorded at the time a loan is sold and is amortized over the estimated remaining life of the loans. Northeast Savings monitors actual prepayments on the related loans and reduces the balance of the asset by a charge to earnings if actual and/or projected prepayments exceed the Association's original estimate. In addition, prior to fiscal 1990, Northeast Savings purchased rights to service loans.
At December 31, 1993 and 1992, purchased mortgage servicing rights and deferred excess servicing, as well as the principal balance of loans serviced for others in connection with those assets, were as follows:
Current capital regulations which limit the inclusion of purchased mortgage servicing rights in regulatory capital are discussed in "Regulations-- Regulatory Capital and Other Requirements."
The following table summarizes loans serviced for others, by investor, at the dates indicated:
Northeast Savings earns an annual servicing fee for servicing loans for others. The servicing fee typically ranges from approximately twenty-five basis points for fixed rate loans to thirty-eight basis points for adjustable rate loans. Fees generated from servicing loans for others are included with non- interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The following table details fee income earned by the Association on loans serviced for others for the periods indicated. Adjustments to value due to prepayments resulted from the availability of substantially lower interest rates on mortgage loans. Reflecting the overall level of interest rates in the economy, mortgage rates were particularly low during the year ended December 31, 1993. Interest losses on payoffs occur because, although a borrower may pay off a mortgage early in the month, the Association must still remit an entire month's interest to the investor.
Securitization. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 1993, the nine months ended December 31, 1992, and the years ended