chases a significant portion of its product line overseas. It maintains a staff of approximately 60 professional and technical personnel in Korea and Thailand where a substantial portion of its canvas and leather sneakers are produced. The Company is a party to a joint venture agreement with a foreign footwear manufacturer which operates a manufacturing facility in Thailand. The Company has a 49.5% interest in the Thai corporation operating this facility, which manufactures vulcanized canvas and leather footwear. During fiscal 1993, approximately 21% of the Company's total production requirements for canvas and leather sneakers were fulfilled by the Thai facility. In addition, the Company uses the services of buying agents to source merchandise, including one buying agent which the Company estimates will source approximately 35% of its total production requirements in fiscal year 1994.
Having closed several of its manufacturing facilities in the United States and the Caribbean over the years, the Company has increased the volume of leather footwear and leather footwear components for which it contracts from independent offshore suppliers. It is anticipated that overseas resources will continue to be utilized in the future. The Company purchases certain raw materials (particularly leather) from overseas resources.
By virtue of its international activities, the Company is subject to the usual risks of doing business abroad, such as the risks of expropriation, acts of war, political disturbances and similar events, including loss of most favored nation trading status. Management believes that over a period of time, it could arrange adequate alternative sources of supply for the products obtained from its present foreign suppliers. However, disruption of such sources of supply could, particularly on a short-term basis, have a material adverse impact on the Company's operations. The Company's contracts to procure finished goods and other materials are denominated in Unit