nes be compatible with all cellular systems in all market areas in the United States. Because of this compatibility feature, cellular system operators
often provide service to customers of other operators' cellular systems while the customers are temporarily located within the operators' service areas. Customers using service away from their home system are called "roamers." The system that provides the service to these roamers will generate usage revenue. Many operators, including the Company, charge premium rates for this roaming service.
There are a number of recent technical developments in the cellular industry. Currently, while most of the MTSOs process information digitally, most of the radio transmission is done on an analog basis. Digital radio technology offers advantages, including less transmission noise, greater system capacity, and potentially lower incremental costs for additional customers. The conversion from analog to digital radio technology is expected to be an industry-wide process that will take a number of years.
During 1992, a new transmission technique was approved for implementation by the cellular industry. Time Division Multiple Access ("TDMA") technology was selected as one industry standard by the cellular industry and has been deployed in several markets, including the Company's operations in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, another digital technology, Code Division Multiple Access ("CDMA"), is expected to be in a commercial trial by the end of 1994. The Company expects to deploy some digital radio channels in other markets in the near future.
The cellular telephone industry is characterized by high initial fixed costs. Accordingly, if and when revenues less variable costs exceed fixed costs, incremental revenues should yield an operating profit. The amount of profit, if any, under such circumstances is dependent on, among other things, prices and variable marketing costs which in turn are affected by the amount and extent of competition. Unt