 to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The Coastal Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
As discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1993 the Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions to conform with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106.
DELOITTE & TOUCHE
Houston, Texas February 3, 1994
THE COASTAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES STATEMENT OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS (Millions of Dollars Except Per Share)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
THE COASTAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (Millions of Dollars)
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
THE COASTAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (Millions o