ortgage instrument which includes the outstanding indebtedness of the borrower under the terms of the underlying mortgage obligation(s). The underlying mortgage obligation(s) are recorded as a reduction of the wrap-around mortgage loan and the resulting balance represents the Partnership's net advance to the borrower.
(b) Net interest income on the Partnership's wrap-around mortgage loans is primarily comprised of the difference between the interest portion of the monthly payment received from the borrower and the interest portion of the underlying debt service paid to the mortgage lender(s). This interest is recorded in the period that it is earned as determined by the terms of the mortgage loan agreements. Certain mortgage loans also contain provisions for specific amounts of interest to accrue on a periodic basis and to be paid to the Partnership upon maturity of the loans. Interest of this type is recognized only to the extent of the net present value of the total amount due to date.
The accrual of interest is discontinued when payments become contractually delinquent for ninety days or more unless the loan is in the process of collection. Once a loan has been placed on non-accrual status, income is recorded only as cash payments are received from the borrower until such time as the borrower has demonstrated an ability to make payments under the terms of the original or renegotiated loan agreement.
(c) The Partnership provides for potential loan losses based upon past loss experience for similar loans and prevailing economic conditions in the geographic area in which the collateral is located, delinquencies with respect to repayment terms, and the valuation of specific loans in the Partnership's portfolio.
(d) Deferred expenses consist of mortgage brokerage fees which are amortized over the term of the loans and leasing commissions paid to outside brokers which are amortized over the term of the leases to which they apply.
(e) Income from operating leases with s