he number of shares Kelso controls of Holding or the Company, with final termination when Kelso's ownership control falls below 20 percent.
The Company also entered into a transaction with Kelso Insurance Services, Incorporated (an affiliate of Kelso) ("Kelso Insurance"), and American Telephone and Telegraph Company ("AT&T") pursuant to which the Company as well as other Kelso affiliated companies participates in a telecommunications network under which AT&T provides communications services to the group at a special lower tariff rate. In connection with that transaction the Company has guaranteed a minimum annual usage by it of $2 million for a period of five years commencing 1993. No fee was paid by the Company to Kelso Insurance in connection with this transaction.
In August 1993 the Company purchased a limited partnership interest in Kelso Investment Associates V, L.P. ("KIA V") in exchange for its commitment to make a capital contribution of $5 million to KIA V. KIA V was formed to seek out business opportunities and invest primarily in equity securities, leveraged buy-outs, and joint ventures. Kelso Partners V, L.P. serves as the general partner of KIA V. The general partners of Kelso Partners V, L.P., include Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell. Kelso & Co., L.P., is the manager of KIA V and, as such, acts as investment adviser of KIA V. The management fee relating to the interest held by the Company has been waived.
The Supplemental Plan benefits are based on credited years of service and average annual compensation for the highest three calendar years of the final ten calendar years of employment (not exceeding 60 percent of average annual compensation for such years of service) and are reduced by an offset consisting of certain other retirement benefits, including amounts payable under the Terminated Plan, annual allocations to the executive officer's Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") accounts, and Social Security benefits. Benefits under the Supplemental Pl