, as well as the billing for such services, are the responsibility of an independent medical group under contract to Hampton Hospital. Consequently, HGA has not yet been able to determine if any billing irregularities have occurred. It is, however, currently investigating this matter and has requested the production of the billing records. To date, the independent medical group has refused to cooperate. HGA considers this refusal to be a breach of the contract between the parties and is in the process of evaluating its options.
The Management Services Agreement provides for the contracting subsidiaries to pay to PSG Management a $6,000,000 fee (the 'Management Fee') in equal monthly installments over the three-
year term (subject to prior termination in accordance with its terms, upon which termination all or a portion of such Management Fee becomes immediately due and payable). Payments of the Management Fee are jointly and severally guaranteed by Nu-Med and its subsidiary PsychGroup, Inc., the parent of the contracting subsidiaries. On January 6, 1993, Nu-Med (but not any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries) filed a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries filed a proof of claim in the Nu-Med Chapter 11 proceeding, and the bar date (the time for filing proofs of claim) has past. None of the Nu-Med subsidiaries have filed under Chapter 11 and, to date, they have paid the Management Fee on a timely basis, although representatives of Nu-Med and its subsidiaries have alleged in writing that PSG Management has breached the Management Services Agreement (which contention PSG Management vigorously disputes). Moreover, Nu-Med's Proposed Disclosure Statement to accompany its Second Amended Plan of Reorganization, filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Central District of California, indicates that PsychGroup, Inc. is commencing performance of certain administrative functions 