y or purchase any Mortgage from the Advisor or any affiliated Person, or any partnership in which any of the foregoing may also be a general partner, and the Trust will not sell or lease, directly or indirectly, any of its Real Property or sell any Mortgage to any of the foregoing Persons." The Declaration of Trust further provides that "the Trust shall not directly or indirectly, engage in any transaction with any Trustee, officer or employee of the Trust or any director, officer or employee of the Advisor . . . or of any company or other organization of which any of the foregoing is an Affiliate, except for . . . (among other things) transactions with . . . the Advisor or Affiliates thereof involving loans, real estate brokerage services, real property management services, the servicing of Mortgages, the leasing of real or personal property, or other services, provided such transactions are on terms not less favorable to the Trust than the terms on which nonaffiliated parties are then making similar loans or performing similar services for comparable entities in the same area and are not entered into on an exclusive basis.
The Declaration of Trust defines "Affiliate" as follows:
(A)s to any Person, any other Person who owns beneficially, directly, or indirectly, 1% or more of the outstanding capital stock, shares, or equity interests of such Person or of any other Person which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person or is an officer, retired officer, director, employee, partner, or trustee (excluding independent trustees not otherwise affiliated with the entity) of such Person or of any other Person which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person.
The Declaration of Trust further provides that:
The Trustees shall not...invest in any equity Security, including the shares of other REITs for a period in excess of 18 months, except for shares of a qualified REIT subsidiary, as defined in Section 856(i) of