yst with The Keystone Group, Inc., and John D. Collins II, to 'frontrun' high yield bond purchases by the Keystone Custodian Funds, Inc., a group of mutual funds. The Company was named as a defendant in 10 counts. Gary Singer was named as a defendant in 24 counts, including violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act and the mail and wire fraud statutes (including defrauding the Company by virtue of the 'trading scheme,' by, among other things, transferring profits on trades of DR Holdings, Inc. 15.5% bonds (the 'DR Holdings Bonds') from the Company to members of his family during fiscal 1991), money laundering, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting violations of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the 'Investment Advisers Act'), by an investment advisor.
On January 13, 1994, the Company was found guilty on six counts of mail fraud and one count of wire fraud based upon Mr. Singer's conduct, but acquitted of charges of conspiracy and aiding and abetting violations of the Investment Advisers Act. Mr. Singer was found guilty on 21 counts. One count against Mr. Singer and the Company was dismissed at trial and two counts against Mr. Singer relating to forfeiture penalties were resolved by stipulation between the government and Mr. Singer. Sentencing is scheduled for March 25, 1994. The maximum penalty which could be imposed on the Company is the greater of (i) $500,000 per count, (ii) twice the gross gain derived from the offense or (iii) twice the gross loss suffered by the victim of the offense, and a $200 special assessment. In addition to the penalties described in (i), (ii) or (iii), the Court could order the Company to make restitution. The Company is considering its options, including filing an appeal of its conviction. Mr. Singer's attorney has advised the Company that Mr. Singer intends to appeal his conviction. Although the Company may be obligated under its Certificate of Incorporation to advance the costs of such appeal, 