line. Great Lakes exchanges gas with ANR Pipeline by delivering gas in the upper peninsula of Michigan and receiving an equal amount of gas in the lower peninsula of Michigan. This arrangement reduces the distance that gas must be transported by Great Lakes and ANR Pipeline.
COASTAL GAS SERVICES COMPANY
The Company formed CGS, a wholly-owned subsidiary, in early 1993 to consolidate its unregulated natural gas businesses. CGS and its subsidiaries operate certain of Coastal's natural gas gathering and processing, gas supply and marketing, price risk management and producer financing activities. CGS' subsidiary, ANR Gas Supply Company, was formed to provide merchant services to former ANR Pipeline customers contracting for such service. ANR Gas Supply Company has executed 25 contracts with former ANR Pipeline customers with an aggregate service commitment of 85 MMcf per day. CGMC is the largest of CGS's subsidiaries and continues to be one of the most successful natural gas marketing companies in North America. CGMC managed the sale and delivery of 828 Bcf of natural gas in 1993 as compared to 788 Bcf in 1992. CGMC conducts business on over 60 pipelines and has over 1,000 producer and market customers in North America, including imports and exports with Canada and Mexico.
REGULATIONS AFFECTING GAS SYSTEMS
GENERAL
Under the NGA, the FERC has jurisdiction over ANR Pipeline, Colorado, WIC, ANR Storage and Great Lakes as to sales, transportation, balancing of gas, rates and charges, the construction of new facilities, extension or abandonment of service and facilities, accounts and records, depreciation and amortization policies and certain other matters. Under Order 636, the FERC has determined that it will not regulate sales rates by pipelines including these companies. Additionally FERC has asserted rate-regulation (but not certificate regulation) over gathering. Colorado is challenging the FERC's assertion of rate jurisdiction over gathering, but has agreed in a settle