on stock to 77.83%. On November 1993, BFC decreased its ownership percentage of BankAtlantic's common stock to 48.17% primarily due to the sale of 1.4 million shares of BankAtlantic common stock.
An OTS regulation, effective August 1, 1990, limits all capital distributions made by savings institutions, including cash dividends, by permitting only certain institutions that meet specified capital levels to make capital distributions without prior OTS approval. The regulation established a three- tiered system, with the greatest flexibility afforded to well-capitalized institutions. An institution that meets all of its fully phased-in capital requirements and is not in need of more than normal supervision would be a "Tier 1 Institution". An institution that meets its minimum regulatory capital requirements but does not meet its fully phased-in capital requirements would be a "Tier 2 Institution". An institution that does not meet all of its minimum regulatory capital requirements would be "Tier 3 Institution". A Tier 1 Institution may, after prior notice but without the approval of the OTS, make capital distributions during a calendar year up to 100% of net income earned to date during the current calendar year plus 50% of its capital surplus ("surplus" being the amount of capital over its fully phased-in capital requirement). Any additional capital distributions would require prior regulatory approval. A Tier 2 Institution may, after prior notice but without the approval of the OTS, make capital distributions of between 50% and 75% of its net income over the most recent four-quarter period (less any dividends previously paid during such four-quarter period) depending on how close the institution is to its fully phased-in risk-based capital requirement. A Tier 3 Institution would not be authorized to make any capital distributions without the prior approval of the OTS. Notwithstanding the provision described above, the OTS also reserves the right to object to the payme