kelihood of such occurrences is considered remote.
The company also has certain other contingent liabilities with respect to litigation, claims and contractual agreements arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, such contingent liabilities are not likely to result in any loss that would materially affect the company's operating results or financial condition. However, they could have a material effect on the company's operating results in a given quarter or year when such matters are resolved; the likelihood of such occurrence is considered remote.
NOTE 17 - CAPITAL STOCK
COMMON STOCK
In 1992, Unocal Exploration Corporation (UXC), a majority owned subsidiary of Unocal, merged with and into Union Oil. Each outstanding share of UXC common stock held by the public was converted upon the merger. The company issued approximately 5 million shares of its common stock in exchange for 10 million shares of UXC common stock.
At December 31, 1993, approximately 16.7 million shares were reserved for the conversion of preferred stock and 7.8 million shares were reserved for management incentive program awards. Under the incentive program, restricted shares are issued to key employees and outside directors. These awards generally require continuation of service with Unocal during the restriction period. The common shares outstanding at year-end 1993 included approximately 1.1 million shares of restricted stock.
PREFERRED STOCK
The company has 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.10 per share authorized. In July 1992, the company issued 10,250,000 shares of $3.50 convertible preferred stock. The convertible preferred stock is redeemable after July 15, 1996, in whole or in part, at the option of the company, at redemption prices declining to $50 per share in and after the year 2002. The convertible preferred stock has a liquidation value of $50 per share and is convertible at the option of the holder into common stock of the c