 Participants.
(E) Substantially similar documents have been entered into relating to five additional Owner Participants.
(F) Substantially similar documents have been entered into relating to two additional Owner Participants.
Note: Reports of the Company on Forms 10-Q and 10-K are on file with the SEC under number 1-2578.
Pursuant to Rule 14a - 3 (10) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company will furnish any exhibit in this Report upon the payment of the Company's expenses in furnishing such exhibit.
(b) Reports on Form 8-K
The Company filed one report on Form 8-K since September 30, 1993. A report dated December 13, 1993, reported the abandonment of Perry Unit 2 as a possible electric generating plant.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Ohio Edison Company:
We have audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, the consolidated financial statements included in Ohio Edison Company's annual report to stockholders incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and have issued our report thereon dated February 1, 1994. Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on those statements taken as a whole. The schedules listed in Item 14 are the responsibility of the Company's management and are presented for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and are not part of the basic consolidated financial statements. These schedules have been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic consolidated financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly state in all material respects the financial data required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole.
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
New York, N.Y. February 1, 1994
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf b