operations of Ingersoll-Rand Company into Ingersoll-Dresser Pump Company, a Delaware general partnership in which Registrant has a 49% interest. Ingersoll-Rand Company holds a 51% interest in Ingersoll-Dresser Pump Company. Ingersoll-Dresser Pump Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets centrifugal pumps which are used for critical applications in energy processing and petrochemical markets as well as in utility and municipal water and waste water markets. Ingersoll-Dresser Pump also manufactures heavy duty process pumps, submersible pumps, vertical turbine pumps, standard end-suction pumps, horizontal split-case and multistage pumps designed for general industrial, pipeline and high pressure services. Such pumps have a wide variety of applications in oil and gas production and refining, chemical and petrochemical processing, marine, sugar, agricultural, mining and mineral processing, utilities and general industry. Registrant's consolidated statements of earnings include net revenues for the Pump businesses transferred to Ingersoll-Dresser Pump Company of $517.5 million for eleven months for 1992 and $553.1 million for 1991.
Registrant's Mono Pump operations produce progressing cavity pumps for handling viscous fluids.
Power Systems. Registrant's Waukesha Engine Division produces heavy-duty reciprocating gas and diesel engines and packaged engine driven generator sets.
Roots, the developer of the rotary lobe blower, offers a full line of low to medium pressure air and gas handling blowers along with vacuum pumps. These include rotary lobe and screw-type positive displacement products and several turbomachinery (centrifugal) lines. The primary markets served by Roots are waste water treatment, pneumatic conveying, paper, chemical and general industrial.
Control Products. Control products encompass an assortment of sensing, indicating, transducing, transmitting and controlling devices. Instruments, valves and meters sold under registered trademarks - ASHCR