ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL
Northeast Federal Corp. (the Company), a Delaware corporation incorporated in January 1990, is a unitary savings association holding company engaged in the financial services industry through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Northeast Savings, F.A. (Northeast Savings or the Association). Northeast Savings, one of the largest thrift institutions based in New England with total assets of $3.9 billion, is a federally-chartered savings and loan association headquartered in Hartford, Connecticut with 49 retail branch offices in California, Connecticut, Massachusetts, New York, and Rhode Island. Through these retail branch offices, Northeast Savings offers a wide range of mortgage loan and deposit products. In addition, Northeast Savings operates residential mortgage loan origination offices in Connecticut and, through a subsidiary, in Colorado. The financial statements and the related information included in this document reflect the consolidated balances of Northeast Federal Corp. and its subsidiaries.
Principal Business and Operating Strategy. The business of the Company, conducted through the Association, is providing traditional thrift banking services to the general public. These services include a range of deposit products such as checking accounts, savings accounts, retirement accounts, and certificates of deposit; a wide range of residential mortgage loan programs including both fixed and adjustable rate first mortgage loans and home equity loans and credit lines; and ancillary banking services such as safe deposit boxes and travelers checks.
The Association's primary source of income is the net interest income generated through raising deposits from the general public and investing those deposits in residential mortgage loans. Additional sources of revenue are the interest earned on securities, the fees earned in connection with loans, deposits and other banking services, and gains realized on the sales of loans and securities. Other expense