equipment are stated at original cost, and consist of a 40% undivided interest in the Bath County pumped-storage hydroelectric station and its connecting transmission facilities. The cost of depreciable property units retired plus removal costs less salvage are charged to accumulated depreciation.
DEPRECIATION AND MAINTENANCE: Provisions for depreciation are determined on a straight-line method based on estimated service lives of depreciable properties and amounted to approximately 2.1% of average depreciable property in each of the years 1993, 1992, and 1991. The cost of maintenance and of certain replacements of property, plant, and equipment is charged to operating expenses.
INCOME TAXES: The Company joins with its parents and affiliates in filing a consolidated federal income tax return. The consolidated tax liability is allocated among the participants generally in proportion to the taxable income of each participant, except that no subsidiary pays tax in excess of its separate return tax liability.
Financial accounting income before income taxes differs from taxable income principally because certain income and deductions for tax purposes are recorded in the financial income statement in another period. Differences between income tax that would be paid if taxes were computed on the basis of financial accounting income instead of taxable income are deferred.
Prior to 1987, provisions for federal income tax were reduced by investment credits, and amounts equivalent to such credits were charged to income with concurrent credits to a deferred account, balances in which are being amortized over estimated service lives of the related properties.
ACCOUNTING CHANGE: Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes". This standard mandated a change from the previous income-based deferral approach to a balance sheet-based liability approach for computing deferred income taxes.
Note B 