d)
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
List of Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules
Year ended December 31, 1993
Grey Advertising Inc.
New York, New York Form 10-K-Item 8, Item 14(a)(1) and (2)
Grey Advertising Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiary Companies
Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules
The following consolidated financial statements of Grey Advertising Inc. and consolidated subsidiary companies are included in Item 8:
The following consolidated financial statement schedules of Grey Advertising Inc. and consolidated subsidiary companies are included in Item 14(d):
All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted.
Summarized financial information and financial statements for nonconsolidated foreign investee companies accounted for by the equity method have been omitted because such companies, considered individually or in the aggregate, do not constitute a significant subsidiary. Report of Independent Auditors
Board of Directors Grey Advertising Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Grey Advertising Inc. and consolidated subsidiary companies as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of income, common stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the index at Item 14(a). These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whe