nsists of interest earned less interest expenses incurred and certain costs associated with implementing the Company's foreign currency hedging program. In 1992 this expense increased due to a decline in the rate of interest earned on cash and short-term investments, combined with an increase in expenses related to the Company's foreign currency hedging program. In 1993 short-term interest rates continued to decrease and interest income declined, but this was offset by lower costs of foreign currency hedging.
Income Taxes
The operating loss for the Company in 1993 resulted in a limited U.S. tax benefit in the current year. The domestic tax benefit was offset by tax expenses in various foreign subsidiaries, with a net result of a $1 million tax expense for the year. No benefit has been recorded on approximately $25 million of domestic book losses. At December 31, 1993 the Company had operating loss carryforwards in various foreign subsidiaries which are available to offset future taxable income. The realization of the tax benefits related to the domestic losses without tax benefit and foreign carryforwards is dependent on the future profitability of the Company and its foreign subsidiaries.
During 1992, the Company adopted Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," which requires a change from the deferred method of accounting for income taxes to the liability method. The effect of the adoption on the Company's financial position was not material.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
After an increase of $8 million in working capital in 1992, primarily the result of a profitable year and an $18 million stock purchase by the Hewlett-Packard Company, Convex experienced a $47 million decline in working capital in 1993. The primary reason for this decrease is the net loss of $64 million for the year.
Capital expenditures for the year were well below historical levels at $11 million in 1993, down from $18 million in 1992 and $16 million in 1991. The Company believes cap