Item 1. Business.
The registrant, CBS Inc. ("CBS")*, conducts its domestic and international operations either directly or through subsidiaries and joint ventures.
The operations of CBS are carried out primarily by the CBS/Broadcast Group. Other activities of CBS include various activities not directly associated with the Group, i.e., The CBS/FOX Company, Radford Studio Center Inc. and other non-material miscellaneous activities.
CBS/Broadcast Group
The CBS/Broadcast Group, through the CBS Television Network, distributes a comprehensive schedule of news and public affairs broadcasts, entertainment and sports programming and feature films to 206 independently owned affiliated stations and the seven CBS owned and operated television stations, which in the aggregate serve the 50 states and the District of Columbia, and to certain overseas affiliated stations. The CBS Operations and Administration Division operates the technical facilities used to produce and distribute programs of the CBS News, Sports and Entertainment Divisions. This division is also responsible for providing facilities management, personnel services, management information systems and administrative support services to CBS, including the CBS/Broadcast Group, and to unaffiliated companies for a fee. The CBS/Broadcast Group consists of eight divisions, whose operations are briefly described below:
The CBS Entertainment Division produces and otherwise acquires entertainment series and other programs, and acquires feature films, for distribution by the CBS Television Network for broadcast.
The CBS Marketing Division is responsible for sales of advertising time for CBS Television Network broadcasts and related marketing research, merchandising and sales promotion activities.
The CBS Enterprises Division, operating primarily through the CBS Broadcast International and CBS Video units, is responsible for the worldwide distribution of CBS-owned news and public affairs broadcasts, sports and entertainment pro