otential conflicts of interest while at the same time preserving the Trust's access to the benefits provided by the relationship with TCC Entities. In general, the steps taken are: (i) a requirement that all agreements and other transactions in which TCC Entities have an interest be approved by the Trust Managers, and (ii) a compensation system tying the incentives of the TCC Property Managers to the performance of the properties. There can be no assurance, however, that any potential conflict between the interests of the Trust and any TCC Entity having a relationship with the Trust will be resolved in favor of the Trust.
EMPLOYEES
The Trust currently employs six people on a full-time basis. Information regarding executive officers of the Trust is set forth in Item 10 of Part III of this Form 10-K and is incorporated in this Item 1 by reference.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
As of December 31, 1993, the Trust owned fifteen real estate properties consisting of fourteen industrial developments and one enclosed specialty retail mall. The Trust sold a total of three properties during December 1992 and January 1993 and purchased one property in December 1993. Information related to the properties owned by the Trust as of December 31, 1993, physical occupancy, leased occupancy, and related mortgage indebtedness is presented below. Physical occupancy differs from leased occupancy primarily in that leased occupancy includes space in the property for which leases have been signed, but the lease term has not yet commenced.
PROPERTY DESCRIPTIONS
Baltimore Industrial
Patapsco Industrial Center
Patapsco Industrial Center is a five-building, two phase industrial park located in Linthicum Heights, Maryland, a suburb of Baltimore. The project comprises approximately 95,000 square feet of net rentable space. As of December 31, 1993, physical occupancy was 86%. As of March 25, 1994, the property was 87% occupied and 89% leased.
The Trust is the 99.99% general partner of the limited pa