nt and former landowners) and third party defendants (generators). The amended complaint deletes the fraud and punitive damages claims asserted against NL; thus, the pending action is essentially one for allocation of past and future cleanup costs. In March 1993, the parties agreed to a case management order limiting discovery until 1995, after which time full discovery will proceed. A trial date has been tentatively set for September 1996.
There are several actions pending relating to alleged contamination at other properties formerly owned or operated by the Company or its subsidiaries or their predecessors. In one of those cases, suit was filed in November 1992 against the Company asserting claims arising out of the sale of a former business of the Company to Exxon Chemical Company (Exxon Chemical Company v. NL Industries, Inc., United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, No. H-92-3360). The action seeks contractual indemnification, contribution under CERCLA for costs associated with the environmental assessment and cleanup at nine properties included in the sale, a declaration of liability for future environmental cleanup costs, and punitive damages for fraud. Plaintiff has asserted that past and future cleanup costs, business interruption, and asset value losses and legal and site assessment costs are approximately $25 million. In February 1994, the court entered an order referring the case to mediation which is to occur by April 1994.
The Company and other PRPs entered into an administrative consent order with the U.S. EPA requiring the performance of a RIFS at two sites in Cherokee County, Kansas, where the Company and others formerly mined lead and zinc. The Company mined at the Baxter Springs subsite, where it is the largest viable PRP. The final RIFS was submitted to the U.S. EPA in May 1993. The estimated cost of proposed remedies at the Baxter Springs subsite ranges from approximately $1 million to $28 million, plus annual operation 