y provides continued health care and life insurance coverage after retirement for exempt employees. These benefits and similar benefits for active employees are provided by insurance companies and related premiums are based on the amount of benefits paid during the year.
Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions." SFAS No. 106 requires the Company to accrue the estimated cost of retiree benefit payments during the years of employees' active service. The Company previously expensed the cost of these benefits, which are principally health care, as premiums were paid. SFAS No. 106 allows recognition of the cumulative effect of the liability in the year of adoption or amortization of the obligation over a period of up to 20 years. The Company elected to recognize this obligation of approximately $11,300,000 over a period of 20 years. The Company's cash flows are not affected by implementation of this Statement, but implementation decreased income from operations for 1993 by $715,000.
The incremental costs of approximately $1,110,000 per year (pre-tax) relating to SFAS No. 106 are not currently included in the Company's rates. The staff of the OPUC has recommended that the portion of these costs allocated to Oregon (approximately 95 percent) be authorized for recovery in rates only pursuant to a general rate case filing, and has recommended against the use of deferred accounting treatment for their recovery. The Company is charging the Oregon portion of these costs to expense. The WUTC has approved deferred accounting treatment for the portion of these costs allocated to Washington (approximately 5 percent), pending final approval for recovery in a general rate case filing. The Company will continually review its NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ----------------------------------------------------------------
need for general rate cases cove