bits the payment of a dividend if such payment would cause the Association to become undercapitalized. In addition, the Company and the OTS entered into a Dividend Limitation Agreement as part of the holding company approval process which prohibits the payment of dividends to the holding company without prior written OTS approval if the Association's capital is below its fully phased-in capital requirement or if the payment of such dividends would cause its capital to fall below its fully phased-in capital requirement. The OTS Capital Distribution Regulation also restricts the amount of capital distributions that an association may make without obtaining prior OTS approval. Consequently, the Company anticipates that it will not pay any cash dividends on its Series B preferred stock or common stock for the foreseeable future. Due to the restrictions of the Dividend Limitation Agreement and the Capital Distribution Regulation combined with management's decision in 1990 to suspend cash dividend payments in order to preserve capital, management considers that essentially all of the Company's net assets are restricted from dividend payments.
The following table reflects the regulatory capital requirements and the Association's regulatory capital.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) Conversion to Stock Association
On September 22, 1983, Northeast Savings converted from a mutual to a stock association. At the time of the conversion, eligible deposit account holders were granted priority in the event of future liquidation by the establishment of a "liquidation account" equal to net worth at June 30, 1983. No dividends may be paid to stockholders if such dividends reduce stockholders' equity below the amount required for the liquidation account, which was approximately $13.0 million at December 31, 1993.
$2.25 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A
In October 1985, Northeast Savings issued 1,610,000 shares of $2.25 Cu