Item 1. Business.
The Company
Southwestern Bell Telephone Company (Telephone Company) was incorporated in 1882 under the laws of the State of Missouri. The Telephone Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Southwestern Bell Corporation (Corporation) which was incorporated in 1983 under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Telephone Company was a wholly-owned subsidiary of AT&T until January 1, 1984, when it was divested by AT&T pursuant to a court-ordered reorganization of the Bell System (divestiture). AT&T accomplished the divestiture by contributing its 100 percent interest in the Telephone Company to the Corporation and then distributing its ownership in the Corporation to its shareowners effective January 1, 1984.
Operations Under the Modification of Final Judgment (MFJ)
The MFJ, as originally approved by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia (Court) in 1982, placed restrictions on the types of businesses in which the Corporation could engage. The principal restriction prohibits the Corporation from providing interexchange telecommunications services. An exchange in this context refers to a Local Access and Transport Area (LATA), which is generally centered on a standard metropolitan service area or other identifiable community of interest. Interexchange service refers to the provision of telecommunications services between exchanges. The MFJ initially restricted the Corporation from providing information services and from manufacturing or providing telecommunications products, other than the provision of customer premises equipment (CPE) manufactured by others. CPE, as defined in the MFJ, represents equipment used on customers' premises to originate, route or terminate telecommunications. The MFJ also initially restricted the Corporation from engaging in nontelecommunications lines of business. These services and products are collectively known as "restricted lines of business". The MFJ permits the Corporation to obtain relief from th