ately 86%, or 20.4 million, of the Company's population equivalents were in markets that the Company manages or expects to manage. At that date, approximately 95% of the Company's managed population equivalents were in markets where cellular service has been initiated and where the Company is currently operating the system. The following table summarizes the growth in the Company's population equivalents in recent years and the development status of these population equivalents.
The following section details the Company's cellular interests, including those it owned or had the right to acquire as of December 31, 1993. The table presented therein lists clusters of markets, including both MSAs and RSAs, that the Company operates or anticipates operating. The Company's market clusters show the areas in which the Company is currently focusing its development efforts. These clusters have been devised with a long-term goal of allowing delivery of cellular service to areas of economic interest and along corridors of economic activity.
THE COMPANY'S CELLULAR INTERESTS
The table below sets forth certain information with respect to the interests in cellular markets which the Company owned or had the right to acquire pursuant to definitive agreements as of December 31, 1993.
SYSTEM DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION. The Company designs and constructs its systems in a manner it believes will permit it to provide high-quality service to mobile, transportable and portable cellular telephones, generally based on market and engineering studies which relate to specific markets. Engineering studies are performed by Company personnel or independent engineering firms. The Company's switching equipment is digital, which reduces noise and crosstalk and is capable of interconnecting in a manner which reduces costs of operation. While digital microwave interconnections are typically made between the MTSO and cell sites, primarily analog radio transmission is used between cell sites and the cellular 