may be combined by spectrum amounts and geographically, including creation of a nationwide service. The Telephone Company will monitor the auction of PCS licenses within its operating area to assess competitive impacts.
Competitive opportunities may arise as a result of pending legislative and legal proceedings. Legislation has recently been introduced in the United States Congress which, if adopted, could allow the Corporation to enter previously restricted lines of business. Specifically, provisions of certain of these bills seek to eliminate or modify restrictions imposed at divestiture by the MFJ related to electronic publishing, telecommunications equipment manufacturing and interLATA telecommunications services, and would allow local exchange carriers to compete in the cable television business in their own areas. In addition, pricing flexibility could be granted for services subject to competition. In February 1994, the Corporation filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court in Dallas, seeking to overturn provisions of the Cable Communications Policy Act of 1984, in order to provide cable television service in the Telephone Company's five-state area. The outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted at this time.
The Corporation is aggressively representing its interests regarding competition before federal and state regulatory bodies and courts, and before Congress and state legislatures, and will continue to evaluate the increasingly competitive nature of its business and the appropriate regulatory, legislative and industry solutions needed to respond effectively to competition.
The Telephone Company currently accounts for the economic effects of regulation in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation" (Statement No. 71). Continued application of Statement No. 71 is appropriate only if it is reasonable to assume that rates designed to recover costs can be charged to and c