s called exempt wholesale generators (EWGs). These provisions of the Energy Act have enhanced the ability of utilities and non-utility generators to compete to serve resale customers currently served by a particular utility. Partly as a result of the Energy Act, industry-wide resale markets are experiencing increased competition. In 1993, gross electric revenues from the Company's resale business were $105.0 million or 13.0% of billed electric sales revenues.
In response to the changing environment in the electric utility industry, the Company has modified existing strategies and also developed new strategies. From a customer or market perspective, the Company has concluded that focusing on growing the retail portion of the business provides the best opportunity to meet the twin objectives of satisfying customers' needs while providing a fair return to shareholders. During 1993, the Company began to develop new products and services for its retail markets and to hold preliminary discussions with certain municipalities in Delaware to either purchase their electric systems or enter into long-term supply contracts. In December 1993, the Company offered $103.5 million to purchase the electric system of the City of Dover, Delaware (Dover). Dover has approximately 18,500 electric customers and annual revenues from electricity sales of about $37 million. Although the Company expects that the impact on earnings from the potential purchase would be minimal over the first year or two, incremental earnings are
I-1
expected once economies of scale are achieved. It is the Company's understanding that other parties have shown interest in the generation segment of Dover's business, but none have shown interest in purchasing Dover's entire electric system. In February 1994, PECO Energy Company (PECO), formerly known as Philadelphia Electric Company, announced that it is evaluating its strategic alternatives with respect to Conowingo Power Company (COPCO), its Maryland subsidiary, i