as the United Express ("UE") program, which allows United to increase the number of destinations served by its hub-and-spoke network. Six regional carriers currently participate in the UE marketing program providing connecting schedules to ten major cities also served by United: Air Wisconsin Airlines Corporation to Chicago and Denver; UFS, Inc. to Chicago; Mesa Airlines, Inc. to Denver and Los Angeles; WestAir Commuter Airlines, Inc. to San Francisco, Los Angeles, Seattle and Portland, Oregon; Great Lakes Aviation to Chicago, Denver and Minneapolis; and Atlantic Coast Airlines, Inc. to Washington-Dulles, Newark and Orlando. Connecting schedules of three of these carriers result in part from separate transfers to them in 1993 of operating assets of Air Wisconsin, Inc., which is an indirect subsidiary of UAL Corporation.
Within North America, United also has marketing agreements that provide for sharing of the "UA" code on certain routes with two other domestic air carriers, Trans World Express ("TWE") and Aloha Airlines. Code-sharing allows an airline to expand the marketing of its service brand by using its two-letter designator code to designate in computerized reservations systems a connecting flight operated by another airline on the itinerary. Under these agreements, the UA designator code is reflected on TWE flights between approximately 20 cities in the Northeast U.S. which connect with United's international flights in and out of New York John F. Kennedy International Airport ("Kennedy"), and on Aloha Airlines' flights between and among the Hawaiian Islands in connection with United's flights in and out of Hawaii. Finally, North American traffic is also served by code-sharing agreements United has with two Caribbean air carriers, ALM and Sunaire, under which each reflects the United designator code on its flights.
Asian traffic is served from six U.S. cities via the Tokyo hub and with nonstop flights from San Francisco to Hong Kong, Osaka, Seoul and Taipei; 