se instruments. Equity Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. Unless noted otherwise, Equity Bank does not require collateral or other security to support financial instruments with credit risk.
Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not
LSB Industries, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
5. Financial Services Subsidiaries (See Note 1 for Discussion of Proposed Sale of Equity Bank) (continued)
necessarily represent future cash requirements. Equity Bank evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case by case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if it is deemed necessary by Equity Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment and income producing commercial properties.
Regulatory and Other Matters
As discussed in Note 4, on August 9, 1989, the FIRREA legislation transferred FSLIC s rights and obligations under the Assistance Agreement to the FSLIC Resolution Fund, which is administered principally by the FDIC. Under FIRREA, the Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS), which is a bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department, became the primary regulator of thrift institutions and thrift holding companies. Deposit insurance for all banks and thrifts is now the responsibility of the FDIC through two agencies, the Savings Association Insurance Fund and the Bank Insurance Fund.
In connection with the Company s acquisition of Equity Bank and Equity Bank s acquisition of Arrowhead, Equity Bank rece