mance and near term prospects, the financial conditions and prospects of the issuer's geographic region and industry, and recoveries in market value subsequent to the balance sheet date.
Mortgage-Backed Securities
Mortgage-backed securities which management has the intent and ability to hold until maturity are classified as held-to-maturity, and are carried at amortized cost, adjusted for premiums and discounts which
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) are amortized or accreted into interest income using the level-yield method over the remaining contractual life of the securities, adjusted for actual prepayments. Mortgage-backed securities for which there is not a positive intent to hold to maturity are classified as available-for-sale. As indicated above, SFAS 115, implemented by the Company as of the end of the year ended December 31, 1993, requires that available-for-sale securities be reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of stockholders' equity. Gains and losses on sales of mortgage-backed securities are computed on a specific identification cost basis.
Loans
Loans are generally recorded at the contractual amounts owed by borrowers, less unearned discounts, deferred origination fees, the undisbursed portion of any loans in process, and the allowance for loan losses. Interest on loans is credited to income as earned to the extent it is deemed collectible. Discounts on loans purchased are accreted into interest income using the level-yield method over the contractual lives of the loans, adjusted for actual prepayments.
Single-family residential real estate loans that were originated with the intent to sell in the secondary mortgage market or those loans which have been identified as assets for which there is not a positive intent to hold to maturity are classified as available-for-sale and carried at the lower of cost or fair value. The am