fic property.
The carrying amount of real estate held for investment is reduced when management believes the carrying amount is less than net realizable value, as defined. Management defines net realizable value for assets held for investment as the total of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the property. These writedowns are reviewed periodically and any additional writedown determined to be necessary is recorded in the period in which it becomes reasonably estimable.
Real estate held for investment is reclassified to real estate held for sale when management determines that there is a reasonable probability that the asset will no longer be held for long-term investment and activities begin to offer the property for sale. During 1993, certain properties classified as being held for sale at December 31, 1992 were reclassified to held for investment, consistent with management's intent to continue to hold the properties for investment rather than for sale.
Property improvements are capitalized while maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation of buildings and capital improvements is computed using the straight-line method over forty years. Depreciation of tenant improvements is computed using the straight-line method over ten years.
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash.
Cash equivalents include demand deposits and all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less.
According to the terms of the Indenture (the "Indenture") securing the Trust's Zero Coupon Notes due 1997 (the "Zero Coupon Notes"), upon the sale or refinancing of any property prior to the defeasance commencement date (November 27, 1993), the Trust was required to deposit into a Property Acquisition Account such portion of the net proceeds received by the Trust that the Trust Managers deemed necessary or appropriate to protect the interests of the Holders of the Zero Coupon Notes (see Notes 5 and 6). Such
AMERICAN IND