hall be paid by the Assignee to the persons entitled thereto under the terms of the policy had this Collateral Assignment not been executed: 2. That the Assignee will not exercise either the right to surrender the Policy or the right to obtain policy loans from the Insurer, until there has been either default in any of the Liabilities pursuant to this Agreement or termination of Part I of said Agreement as therein provided; and
3. That the Assignee will, upon request, forward without reasonable delay to the Insurer the Policy for endorsement of any designation or change of beneficiary or any election of an optional mode of settlement.
F. The Employee declares that no proceedings in bankruptcy are pending against him/her and that his/her property is not subject to any assignment for the benefit of creditors.
PART III - Provisions Applicable to Parts I an II A. Amendments Amendments may be added to this Agreement by a written agreement signed by each of the parties and attached hereto.
B. Choice of Law This agreement shall be subject to, and construed according to, the laws of the State of . C. A Binding Agreement This Agreement shall bind the Employer and the Employer's successors and assigns, the Employee and his/her heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, and any Policy beneficiary. D. Provision The Employer and the Employee agree that if any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or part, then all remaining provisions of this Agreement and, to the extent valid or enforceable, the provision in question shall remain valid, binding and fully enforceable as if the invalid or unenforceable provisions, to the extent necessary, was not a part of this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, parties hereto have executed this Agreement, including the provisions regarding Collateral Assignment, on the day and year first above written.
Witness Employee
Address
Employer (Title)
Exhibit 10.6 AGREEMENT SECURED BENEFIT PLAN AND COLLATERAL