her subsidiary of the Company must comply with the New Jersey and Atlantic City laws and regulations relating to, among other things, the Coastal Area Facilities Review Act, construction of buildings, environmental considerations, operation of hotels and the sale of alcoholic beverages.
Gaming Fees and Taxes.
The New Jersey Commission is authorized to establish fees for the issuance or renewal of casino licenses. Yearly casino hotel alcoholic beverage license fees are payable for each facility in any of five specified categories in any licensed casino hotel. There is also an annual license fee on each slot machine. The New Jersey Commission is also authorized by regulation to establish annual fees for the issuance and renewal of licenses other than casino licenses.
The New Jersey Act imposes an annual tax of eight percent on gross revenues (as defined in the New Jersey Act). In addition, casino licensees are required to invest one and one-quarter percent of gross revenues for the purchase of bonds to be issued by the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority or make other approved investments equal to that amount; in the event the investment requirement is not met, the casino licensee is subject to a tax in the amount of two and one-half percent on gross revenues.
EMPLOYEES
The Company employs approximately 8,200 people of which approximately 2,700 employees are represented by unions. Of the approximately 4,300 employees at TropWorld, approximately 1,300 are covered by collective bargaining contracts. Substantially all of such employees are covered by a contract that expires in 1994 and the remainder are covered by contracts that expire in 1996. At Tropicana, approximately 1,400 of the 2,400 employees are covered by collective bargaining contracts. Substantially all of such employees are covered by contracts that expire in 1994 and the remainder are covered by contracts that expire in 1995.
TRADEMARKS
The Company and Adamar of Nevada are the beneficiaries of an agre