purchase of mortgage-backed securities and investment securities in the secondary markets. However, in October 1988, under the direction of its new chairman and chief executive officer, Northeast Savings announced its intention to return to more traditional thrift activities and de- emphasize its wholesale activities. Northeast Savings also announced it would substantially stop the growth in its balance sheet and more fully utilize its retail branch network as a low cost delivery system for deposit gathering and single-family residential mortgage loan origination. A singularly important element of this strategy was the strengthening of Northeast Savings' residential mortgage loan origination network within its then-existing three- state branch market as well as the expansion into selected geographic markets. Currently, Northeast Savings originates its residential mortgage loans through its five-state branch system and its residential mortgage loan origination offices in Connecticut and, through a subsidiary, in Colorado. Previously, Northeast Savings also operated a loan origination office in California. This office was closed in early February 1994.
Northeast Savings' primary lending activities consist of originating single- family residential mortgage loans and, to a small extent, consumer loans such as equity loans and lines of credit, checking account overdraft protection, and loans collateralized by deposit accounts, and income property loans secured by commercial real estate and guaranteed by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA). Northeast Savings' lending objective is to meet its customers' needs while managing the amount of credit and interest rate risk exposure in its loan portfolio. To accomplish this goal, significant attention is directed toward designing appropriate types of loans to be offered and the proper pricing of each type of loan.
Northeast Savings reviews its loan volume capacity as compared with its asset growth projection and