); Indiana (5); and Kansas (3).
The Bank is a full-service consumer bank, marketing itself as "America's Family Bank"(R). It operates as a single institution in all states where it is active, with common marketing programs and processing systems. The Company believes the Bank is one of the few consumer banks of its size to operate in this manner.
The Bank's acquisition strategy involves identification of institutions which complement the existing network in target markets. The ideal acquisition includes only deposits, customer relationships and branches. Acquired institutions are quickly integrated into the existing network. The integration process includes new signage, decor, product offerings, pricing and back office systems. Since the Bank generally does not need acquired administrative and executive personnel and facilities, operating expenses of the acquired entity have been reduced in most acquisitions.
First mortgages are originated in branch locations and loan production offices by Household Mortgage Services, a division of the Bank, or may be acquired from correspondents and other wholesale sources. In 1993, Household Mortgage Services originated approximately $4 billion in first mortgages. However, refinancing resulting from the record low interest rates caused the first mortgage portfolio to decline by approximately $1 billion in 1993. At December 31, 1993, $2 billion, or approximately 28 percent, of the Bank's owned receivables represented first mortgages for single-family residences. Adjustable-rate mortgage loans represented approximately 43 percent of this portfolio. This first mortgage portfolio is well-diversified geographically and the Bank has originated no negative amortization loans. The weighted average loan-to-value ratio at the origination of the loan for the entire portfolio was approximately 70 percent. While emphasizing single-family mortgage lending, the Bank also provides mortgage loans for various multi-family
and income-producing prope