telephones themselves.
In accordance with its strategy of building and strengthening market clusters, the Company has selected high capacity with service-upgraded digital cellular switching systems that are capable of serving multiple markets via a single MTSO. The Company's cellular systems are designed to facilitate the installation of equipment which will permit microwave interconnection between the MTSO and each cell site. The Company has implemented such microwave interconnection in most of the cellular systems it manages. In other systems in which the Company owns or has an option to purchase a majority interest and where it is believed to be cost-efficient, such microwave technology will also be implemented. Otherwise, such systems will rely upon landline telephone connections or microwave links owned by others to link cell sites with the MTSO. Although the installation of microwave network interconnection equipment requires a greater initial capital investment, a microwave network enables a system operator to avoid the current and future charges associated with leasing telephone lines from the landline telephone company, while generally improving system reliability. In addition, microwave facilities can be used to connect separate cellular systems to allow shared switching, which reduces the aggregate cost of the equipment necessary to operate both systems.
The Company has continued to expand its internal, nationwide seamless network in 1993 to encompass over 100 markets in the United States. This network provides automatic call delivery for the Company's customers and handoff between adjacent markets. The seamless network has also been extended, using IS-41 technology, via links with certain systems operated by several other carriers, including GTE, US West, Ameritech, BellSouth, Centennial Cellular Corp., Southwestern Bell, McCaw Cellular Communications, Vanguard Cellular Systems, Inc. and others. Additionally, the Company has conducted Signaling System 7 