approval of at least 80% in interest of the Limited Partners.
DAMSON/BIRTCHER REALTY INCOME FUND-II, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Cont'd.)
(1) Organization and Operations (Cont'd.)
The Partnership's original investment objectives contemplated that it would hold its properties for a period of at least five years, with decisions about the actual timing of property sales or other dispositions to be left to the General Partner's discretion based on the anticipated remaining economic benefits of continued ownership and other factors. Although the current market for real estate is depressed, the General Partner is committed to selling the Partnership's properties as soon asreasonably practicable. To that end, the amendment mandates that the General Partner seek a vote of the Limited Partners no later than December 31, 1996 regarding the prompt liquidation of the Partnership in the event that properties with appraised values as of January 1993 which constituted at least one- half of the aggregate appraised value of all Partnership properties as of January 1993 are not sold or under contract for sale by the end of 1996. In conjunction with the vote, the General Partner will provide an analysis and recommendation regarding the advisability of liquidating the Partnership.
(2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Carrying Value of Real Estate
Provision is made for impairment loss if the General Partner determines that the loss is other than temporary. In 1992, the General Partner obtained third party appraisals on the Partnership's properties as required by the Partnership Agreement. These appraisals indicated that certain of the Partnership's properties had market values below their then-current net book value. Management estimated that Atrium Place, Creekridge Center and Kennedy Corporate Center-I each experienced an impairment to their value, as compared to their respective carrying values at December 31, 1992. This determination was based upon t