ain additional MSAs through purchases. The Company has acquired
substantial additional population equivalents through the purchase of interests in RSAs. The Company plans to continue to acquire controlling interests in cellular licenses to provide service in systems that complement its developing market clusters and in other attractive systems.
The Company anticipates that clustering markets will expand its cellular service areas and provide certain economies in its capital and operating costs. In areas where the Company has clusters of contiguous markets it may offer wide-area coverage. This would allow uninterrupted service within the area and allow the customer to make outgoing and receive incoming calls without special roamer arrangements. Clustering also makes possible greater sharing of facilities, personnel and other costs and may thereby reduce the costs of serving each customer. The extent to which these revenue enhancements and economies of operation will be realized through clustering is dependent upon market conditions, population sizes of the clusters and engineering considerations.
The Company's market clusters have grown rapidly. At December 31, 1993, approximately 87%, or 17.7 million, of the Company's managed population equivalents were in contiguous markets within market clusters. Additionally, 92% of the Company's managed markets were adjacent to another Company-managed market at that time. The Company anticipates continuing to pursue strategic acquisitions and trades in order to complement its developing market clusters. The Company has also acquired minority interests in markets where it already owns, or has the right to acquire, a majority interest. From time to time, the Company may consider trading or selling some of its cellular interests which do not fit well with its long-term strategies.
The Company owned or had the right to acquire interests in cellular telephone systems in 205 markets at December 31, 1993. At December 31, 1993, approxim