inancial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
As discussed in Notes A, B and E to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes and postretirement benefits other than pensions in 1993.
PRICE WATERHOUSE PRICE WATERHOUSE
New York, New York February 3, 1994
APS
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (These notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.)
NOTE A--SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES: The Company and its subsidiaries (companies) are subject to regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The subsidiaries are subject to regulation by various state bodies having jurisdiction and by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Significant accounting policies of the Company and its subsidiaries are summarized below. CONSOLIDATION: The Company owns all of the outstanding common stock of its subsidiaries. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all subsidiary companies after elimination of intercompany transactions. REVENUES: Customers are billed on a cycle basis, and revenues, including amounts resulting from the application of fuel and energy cost adjustment clauses, are generally recorded when billed. I