arch 15, 1994, was $8 per share. As of March 15, 1994, there were approximately 26,411 holders of record of the Company's Common Stock.
Five of the Company's long-term debt agreements contain, among other provisions, a restriction on retained earnings available for payment of dividends. Under the most restrictive provisions the Company was prohibited as of December 31, 1993 and is currently prohibited from declaring or paying cash dividends through at least March 31, 1995.
Item 7.

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Restructuring Plan
The Company has completed a significant portion of the asset divestiture program adopted in October 1992. The Company sold its Heim Bearings, Aerospace and Barksdale Controls operations for proceeds of approximately $91 million in 1993. Net proceeds from these sales have been used to reduce senior debt. Results of these operations to their date of sale as well as operations remaining to be sold, other than the Electro-Optical Systems business, are included in continuing operations reported in the consolidated financial statements. Gains of $18.1 million on the assets divested during 1993 have been deferred and applied to the reserve for divestitures.
Pursuant to a plan announced in January 1994, the Company intends to sell its Electro-Optical Systems business. The post-cold war slowdown in defense spending has impacted the Electro-Optical Systems operations and its recent performance. Selling the business will help the Company reduce debt, halt further cash drains, and concentrate the Company's focus on its core businesses. The sale of this business segment is planned to be consummated within the year. In accordance with APB Opinion No. 30, the disposal of this business segment has been accounted for as a discontinued operation and accordingly, its operating results are segregated and reported as a Discontinued Operation in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. T