g positive interest rate spreads. See "Borrowings" discussion following. Depending upon interest rates existing at the time such CDs mature, the Bank's cost of funds may be significantly affected by the rollover of these funds.
The following table presents the amount of the Bank's time deposits in amounts of $100,000 or more at December 31, 1993 maturing during the periods indicated.
The following table summarizes the average balance and rate paid on deposits during the three years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991 (dollars in thousands):
Individual retirement accounts can be opened using the passbook savings account or any of the CD accounts described above.
Borrowings. The following table presents certain information regarding short-term borrowings. For a description of the general terms of such borrowings see "NOTE O - FHL Bank Advances" and "NOTE P - Other Borrowings" to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
As a member of the FHLB System, the FHLB of Chicago generally is allowed to extend credit to St. Paul Federal through advances and letters of credit up to 20% of St. Paul Federal's total assets. As of December 31, 1993, the Bank also had approximately $925.0 million of unused credit lines available to borrow under agreements to repurchase.
In February 1993, the Company issued $34.5 million of subordinated notes. The Company used the proceeds for general corporate purposes, including the acquisition of St. Paul Financial from St. Paul Federal on June 30, 1993. See "Liquidity" in Management's Discussion and Analysis contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
Asset/Liability Management
See "Interest Rate Risk" section of Management's Discussion and Analysis to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
The GAP Table, set forth on the following page, identifies the pr