e segments and their products, sales, markets served, earnings before tax and total assets for the six years ended December 31, 1993, see pages 6 through 16 of the 1993 Annual Report, which are hereby incorporated by reference.
During the past five years, Dover has spent approximately $550 million on acquisitions of which $321 million was expended in 1993. For more detail regarding acquisitions, see pages 1 through 5 of the 1993 Annual Report as well as Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 21-22 of the 1993 Annual Report, which are hereby incorporated by reference.
- 3 - Raw Materials
Dover's operating companies use a wide variety of raw materials, primarily metals, semi-processed or finished components, which are generally available from a number of sources. Temporary shortages may occur occasionally, but have not resulted in business interruptions or major problems, nor are any such problems anticipated.
Research and Development
Dover's operating companies are encouraged to develop new products as well as upgrade and improve existing products to satisfy customer needs, expand sales opportunities and improve product reliability and reduce production costs. During 1993, approximately $60 million was spent on research and development, compared with $68 million and $62 million in 1992 and 1991, respectively.
Dover holds or is licensed to use a substantial number of U.S. patents covering a number of its product lines, and to a far lesser degree patents in certain foreign countries where it conducts business. Dover licenses some of its patents to other companies for which it collects royalties which are not significant. These patents have been obtained over a number of years and expire at various times. Although patents in the aggregate are important to Dover, the loss or expiration of any one patent or group of patents would not materially affect Dover or any of its segments. Where patents have expired, Dover believes that its commitment to leadersh