ck, $1 par value per share, at an exercise price of $23.00, as adjusted for the stock split. The warrant expires on February 10, 2004.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
The Company is aware of the possibility that it may become a defendant in an action brought by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") under 42 U.S.C. Section 9607(a) for reimbursement of costs associated with removing hazardous substances from the site of a former coal gasification plant (the "Pine Street Canal Site") in Burlington, Vermont. This knowledge arises out of the existence of a prior action, UNITED STATES V. GREEN MOUNTAIN POWER CORP., ET AL, Civil No. 88-307 (D. Vt.) in which the Company became involved as a third-party defendant in January 1989. Green Mountain Power was an action under 42 U.S.C. Section 9607(a) by the federal government to recover clean-up costs associated with the "Maltex Pond", which is part of the Pine Street Canal Site. Two defendants in Green Mountain Power, Vermont Gas Systems and Green Mountain Power Corp., claimed that the Company is the corporate successor to People's Light and Power Corporation, an upstream corporate parent of Green Mountain Power Corp. during the years 1928-1931. Green Mountain Power was settled without admission or determination of liability with respect to the Company by order dated December 26, 1990. The EPA has since conducted studies of the clean-up costs for the remainder of the Pine Street Canal Site, but the ultimate costs are unknown at this time. On November 30, 1992, the Company was named as a potentially responsible party in a special notice letter from the EPA. On August 16, 1993, the Company's participation in settlement discussions on technical and allocation issues with the EPA was requested by Green Mountain Power Corp., Vermont Gas Systems, Inc. and New England Electric System (the "Gas Plant PRPs"). By letter dated September 20, 1993, the Company informed the Gas Plant PRPs of its reasons for its belief that i