ternational microcomputer distribution operations are larger than the operations of any other U.S.-based microcomputer distributor. The Company also believes that certain of the markets for microcomputer products outside the United States are less mature and therefore present opportunities for further growth. Accordingly, the Company will seek to further expand its international operations through internal growth and the possible acquisition of existing distributors or establishment of new operations in other countries.
The products and services offered by Merisel's international subsidiaries are generally similar to those offered in the United States, although the breadth of the subsidiaries' product lines and the range of manufacturers' and customers' services offered by the subsidiaries are usually smaller due to the smaller size of the subsidiaries and differing market requirements. Certain subsidiaries provide products or services not offered in the United States due to differing manufacturer relationships and market requirements. Operationally, the management and distribution systems at the Company's international subsidiaries vary depending on the size of the subsidiary, its length of operation and local market requirements. As each subsidiary expands, the Company seeks to implement systems and procedures that are more similar to those used in the United States.
In Europe, the Company is revising its distribution strategy in response to the reduction in cross-border shipment barriers instituted by the European Economic Community in 1993. With the reduction of cross-border shipping barriers, the Company believes it can more efficiently ship to a large number of countries from a centralized master warehouse or warehouses, supplemented by smaller warehouses in various locations across Europe. At present, the Company maintains a full warehouse in each of the countries in which it has operations, with the exception of Austria. The Company is currently undertaking 