 lieu of, the rights and remedies contained in the Loan Documents and as otherwise provided by law or in equity.
11. Borrower to Encourage Payment, Collections. Borrower and Manager will use their usual and customary procedures to collect Rents up to the institution of suit, including sending delinquency notices and phone calls. At such time as Borrower or Manager would ordinarily take action to collect past-due accounts, Borrower or Manager, as the case may be, shall notify Lender that it recommends that a collection action be instituted. Lender shall then have the option, with respect to any leases covering more than 10,000 square feet of the Property, of authorizing Borrower or Manager, or both, to take such action, either on Borrower's name or its own name, as Lender deems appropriate to collect the delinquent Rents or Lender shall undertake on behalf of Borrower to take such action as Lender deems appropriate to collect the delinquent Rents; provided, however, that with respect to leases covering less than 10,000 square feet of the Property, Borrower or Manager shall take such actions to collect past due accounts as Borrower deems appropriate in its sole discretion. All reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred by Borrower in the collection of delinquent Rents shall be approved by Lender for payment from the Cash Collateral Disbursement Account or the Reserve Account in accordance with subparagraphs 3(a) or 3(c) hereof, respectively.
12. Carryover of this Agreement in the Event of Bankruptcy. In the event either Borrower or any general partner of Borrower ("GENERAL PARTNERS") files for relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended (the "BANKRUPTCY CODE"), or an order of relief is granted as to any of them under the Bankruptcy Code, the following provisions shall be applicable. Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 12 to the contrary, however, neither Borrower nor any of the General Partners shall have Lender's consent to use the Cash Coll