he Company's common stock at $78 per share in cash. On April 27, 1988, the Kelso affiliate completed the Tender Offer with the purchase of approximately 95% of the Company's shares.
Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, a merger was consummated (the "Merger") on June 29, 1988, whereby the Company became a wholly owned subsidiary of ASI Holding Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Holding") organized by Kelso to participate in the acquisition of the Company. At that time the remaining shares of the Company's common stock were converted into the right to receive cash of $78 per share. The Tender Offer, Merger, and related transactions are hereinafter referred to as the "Acquisition." For financial statement purposes the Acquisition has been accounted for under the purchase method.
Note 2. Accounting Policies
Consolidation
The financial statements include on a consolidated basis the results of all majority-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany transactions are eliminated. Investments in affiliated companies are included at cost plus the Company's equity in their net results.
Translation of Foreign Financial Statements
Assets and liabilities of most foreign operations are translated at year-end rates of exchange, and the income statements are translated at the average rates of exchange for the period. Gains or losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements are accumulated in a separate component of stockholder's equity until the entity is sold or substantially liquidated.
Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions (transactions denominated in a currency other than the entity's local currency) are included in net income. For operations in countries that have high rates of inflation, net income includes gains and losses from translating assets and liabilities at year-end rates of exchange, except for inventories and facilities, which are translated at historical rates.
Revenue Recognition
Sales are recorded when s