 pledged one of its properties held for sale, Stewart Square Shopping Center, as additional collateral on the first mortgage. Also pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, the Trust acquired the $7.5 million second mortgage plus all accrued and unpaid interest of $1.7 million, for $300,000 in cash. The Trust recognized an extraordinary gain of $8.9 million in connection with the debt modification and discounted debt purchase.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
Real Estate (Continued)
In 1990, the Trust ceased making payments on the first mortgage secured by a portion of the Dunhill/Devonshire Apartments. At the time, the Trust was the holder and 50% owner of this first mortgage. The other 50% of the mortgage was owned by a financial institution in receivership, which refused to fund its share of advances necessary to preserve the value of the property. Accordingly, the Trust, as mortgage holder, foreclosed on this property and was, for its own accord, the high bidder at the foreclosure sale. To date, the Trust has not received an executed release of lien. In lieu of recording a gain of $1.3 million on this transaction, the Trust has written down the carrying value of such property by that amount.
The $1.6 million first mortgage secured by the Palm Court Apartments, located in Miami, Florida, matured in July 1993. Prior to the maturity, the Trust obtained the lender's written agreement to extend the note. Thereafter, the lender refused to execute the extension documents and has subsequently rejected the Trust's tender of mortgage payments in accordance with the extension agreement. The matter is presently in litigation. If adversely determined, the Trust is prepared to payoff the mortgage debt.
In January 1994, the Trust obtained first mortgage financing secured by the Bay West Apartments in the amount of $5.1 million. The Trust received net cash of $1.0 million after the payoff of $3.9 million in existing debt. The remainder of the financing proceeds were used to fund es