dard & Poor's and Moody's, the nations two leading debt rating agencies, both increased their ratings of the Company's senior debt in July 1992. Standard & Poor's increased its rating to A- from BBB+, and Moody's increased its rating to A3 from Baa1. In March 1992, substantially all of the $40 million of 6 1/2% convertible subordinated debentures, which had been outstanding at the end of 1991, were converted into 2.1 million shares of the Company's common stock. The resulting increase in shareholders' equity enhanced the Company's flexibility in capital management and increased yearly after-tax cash flow by approximately $.7 million.
The Company's second "layer" of debt capital consists of revolving credit agreements with six banks. Over the years, management has renegotiated these bank credit agreements to keep pace with the Company's projected growth and to maintain a highly flexible source of debt capital. When utilized, the credit under these agreements is a long-term obligation. At the same time, however, the credit is available for short-term borrowings and repayments. In 1993, there was $43.5 million in revolving debt outstanding at the end of the year, up from $35.4 million in 1992. At the end of 1991, $97.3 million in revolving debt was outstanding. The 1993 increase in revolving debt reflected a portion of funds borrowed to finance cash acquisitions in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter of 1993 and prior to recent acquisitions, revolving bank debt was reduced with internally generated funds. Additional details of long-term debt outstanding, including scheduled maturities and the revolving credit, are discussed in Note D of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Net capital investments to modernize and expand manufacturing capacity internally totaled $109.0 million in the last three years. During this period, acquisitions accounted for by the purchase method of accounting involved a net cash investment of $93.3 million, plus an assumption of 