ubrogation claim entitled Village Homes At Country Walk Master Maintenance Association, Inc. v. Arvida Corporation et al., was filed in the 11th Judicial Circuit for Dade County. Plaintiffs filed this suit for the use and benefit of American Reliance Insurance Company ("American Reliance"). Plaintiffs seek to recover damages and pre- and post-judgment interest in connection with $10,873,000 American Reliance has allegedly paid to its insureds living in condominium units at Country Walk in the wake of Hurricane Andrew. Disney is also a defendant in this suit. On July 1, 1993, a subrogation lawsuit entitled Prudential Property and Casualty Company v. Arvida/JMB Partners, et al., was filed in the 11th Judicial Circuit for Dade County. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages, costs, and interest in connection with $16,679,622 Prudential allegedly paid to its insureds living in Country Walk at the time of Hurricane Andrew. Disney is also a defendant in this suit. On July 15, 1993, a subrogation lawsuit entitled Allstate Insurance Company v. Arvida/JMB Partners, et al., was filed in the 11th Judicial Circuit for Dade County. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages, costs, and interest in connection with $18,540,196 Allstate allegedly paid to its insureds living in Country Walk at the time of Hurricane Andrew. Disney is also a defendant in this suit. The Partnership settled a threatened subrogation action by State Farm Insurance Company. The settlement was funded by one of the Partnership's insurance carriers subject to a reservation of rights. The amount of money the insurance carrier may seek to recover from the Partnership for this and any other settlements it has funded is uncertain. The Partnership is a defendant in and anticipates other subrogation claims by insurance companies which have allegedly paid policy benefits to Country Walk residents. The Partnership intends to defend itself vigorously in all such matters.
On October 13, 1993, a lawsuit captioned Berry v. Merril (si