ws for the subject properties.
Very truly yours,
RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM ENGINEERS
/s/ Fred W. Ziehe Fred W. Ziehe, P.E. Group Vice President
FWZ/db
RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM ENGINEERS
The value of the Depositary Units and the Trust Units evidenced thereby are substantially dependent upon the proved reserves and production levels attributable to the Royalty Interests. There are many uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities and values of proved reserves and in projecting future rates of production and the timing of development expenditures. The reserve data set forth herein, although prepared by independent engineers in a manner customary in the industry, are estimates only, and actual quantities and values of oil and gas are likely to differ from the estimated amounts set forth herein. In addition, the discounted present values shown herein were prepared using guidelines established by the Commission for disclosure of reserves and should not be considered representative of the market value of such reserves or the Depositary Units or the Trust Units evidenced thereby. A market value determination would include many additional factors.
Distributions to Holders could be adversely affected if any of the hazards typically associated with the development, production and transportation of oil and gas were to occur, including personal injuries, property damage, damage to productive formations or equipment and environmental damages. Uninsured costs for damages from any of the foregoing will directly reduce payments to the Trust from those Royalty Properties that are working interests, and will reduce payments to the Trust from those Royalty Properties that are royalties and overriding royalties to the extent such damages reduce the volumes of oil and gas produced.
In contrast to the Net Profits Royalties, which have no contractually imposed production limitations, the Wasson Royalties have been structured with quarterly production limitations. Thus, the Trus