anding stock of Selex (which holds 42.3% of the Common Stock of the Company as of August 19, 1994). See "Ownership of Voting Securities of the Company."
Mr. Muyres, Vice Chairman of the Board of the Company, and a member of the Committee, served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and thus, as an officer of the Company, from June 19, 1992 through July 12, 1994. As previously stated, Mr. Muyres serves as a director and executive officer of Swan, Conquistador and M&M, companies of which Mr. Zwaans, also a member of the Committee, serves as a director and executive officer. Mr. Zwaans also serves as a Managing Director of Selex. As previously stated, all of the issued and outstanding stock of Selex is owned by Wilbury. Wilbury is, in turn, owned by Messrs. Gram and Muyres, with Mr. Gram, as the largest shareholder of Wilbury, being treated as the beneficial owner of all of the Company's Common Stock held by Selex. See "Ownership of Voting Securities of the Company."
On June 19, 1992, Selex loaned the Company the sum of $3,000,000 pursuant to the First Selex Loan. The First Selex Loan is collateralized by a first mortgage on certain of the Company's unsold, undeveloped property in its St. Augustine Shores, Florida community. The Loan matures on June 15, 1996 and provides for principal to be repaid at 50% of the net proceeds per lot for lots requiring release from the mortgage, with the entire unpaid balance becoming due and payable at the end of the four year term. It initially bears interest at the rate of 10% per annum, with payment of interest deferred for the initial 18 months of the Loan and interest payments due quarterly thereafter. As part of the Selex transaction, Selex was granted an option, approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock at the Company's 1992 Annual Meeting, which, as modified, enabled Selex to convert the First Selex Loan, or any portion thereof, into a maximum of 600,000 shares