e tended to create seasonal trends in Levitt's residential home building activities. Historically, the number of homes delivered has been greater in the second half of the calendar year.
Net Operating Loss Carryforwards
At December 31, 1993 the Company had net tax operating loss carryforwards which can be utilized against future taxable income of approximately $12,957,000 expiring in 2001 through 2008. Under current tax laws, if the aggregate voting stock owned by the Company's 5% shareholders increases over the lowest percentage owned by such shareholders during a three-year period by an amount exceeding 50% of Starrett's total voting stock, then Starrett's utilization of the net tax operating loss carryforwards could be limited to an amount per year equal to the market value of all Starrett equity securities multiplied by an adjusted federal long-term interest rate. In general, all non-5% shareholders are treated as a single 5% shareholder for the purpose of such calculations. Such an ownership change might be caused by sales of shares by the Company's shareholders, repurchases of shares by the Company, certain reorganizations, or certain other transactions.
Inflation
The Company believes that inflation has not had a material adverse effect upon its construction, development and management business. Levitt has from time to time been
adversely affected by high interest costs and increases in material and labor costs which it has not been able to pass through entirely to home purchasers.
Item 8.

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
See "Table of Contents to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules," page 19.
Item 9.
Item 9. Disagreements on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None
PART III
The information called for by Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 is incorporated herein by reference from the following portions of the definitive proxy statement to be filed by the Company in connection with its 1994 Meeting of Shareho