d into an additional niche in the contact lens market and to enlarge its customer base.
CooperVision is continuing to explore opportunities to expand and diversify its business into additional niche markets.
COOPERVISION PHARMACEUTICALS
CooperVision Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ('CVP'), a development stage business, develops and markets ophthalmic pharmaceuticals. In February 1993, CVP sold its EYEscrub'tm' product line while retaining
the right to market two medical product kits which include EYEscrub'tm'. Several other products discussed below are in various stages of clinical development.
In 1993, CVP continued the clinical development of Verapamil, a Class I calcium channel blocker, as a potential anti-glaucoma compound. CVP received U.S. Food and Drug Administration ('FDA') clearance to begin human clinical trials in June 1991. Phase I clinical trials were initiated in 1991 and completed in 1992. Phase II clinical trials were initiated in 1992 and have been completed. Phase III clinical trials commenced during 1993.
Rose Bengal, Phenyltrope'r' and other products are being developed as diagnostic aids for use by eye-care professionals. During 1993, a filing was made with the FDA seeking clearance to begin marketing Rose Bengal. A New Drug Application for Phenyltrope'r' will be submitted to the FDA in fiscal 1994.
In 1993, CVP began to market a line of prescription and over-the-counter ophthalmic pharmaceuticals. The prescription line consists of antibacterial products, anti-inflammatory products, glaucoma treatment products and diagnostic dilating agents. The non-prescription offerings are intended to be used as tear replacements.
COOPERSURGICAL
CooperSurgical, Inc. ('CooperSurgical') was established in November 1990 to compete in niche segments of the rapidly expanding worldwide market for diagnostic and surgical instruments and accessories. Its business is developing, manufacturing and distributing electrosurgical, cryosurgical and general application diagnostic and 