ockholm, Sydney and Toronto.
The Company considers all space leased by it to be adequate for the operation of its business and does not foresee any significant difficulty in meeting its space requirements.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings.
The Company is not involved in any material pending legal proceedings, not covered by insurance or by adequate indemnification, or which, if decided adversely, would have a material effect on the operations, liquidity or financial position of the Company.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
Inapplicable.
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.
The Common Stock of Grey is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol GREY and quoted on the National Market System of NASDAQ.
As of March 1, 1994, there were 544 holders of record of the Common Stock and 322 holders of record of the Limited Duration Class B Common Stock.
The following table sets forth certain information about dividends paid, and the bid and asked prices in the over-the-counter market during the periods indicated (as published in the Wall Street Journal), with respect to the Common Stock:
* Such over-the-counter market quotations reflect interdealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
PART II
ITEM 6.
ITEM 6. Selected Financial Data.
(a) During 1991, the Company recognized one-time restructuring charges primarily related to the absorption of the Company's subsidiary, Levine Huntley Vick & Beaver, Inc.
(b) After giving effect to amounts attributable to redeemable preferred stock, the assumed exercise of dilutive stock options and, for fully diluted net income per common share, the assumed conversion of 8-1/2% Convertible Subordinated Debentures issued December 1983.
(c) After restatement for adoption of FAS 109, Accounting for Income Taxes.
ITEM 7.
ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Cond