94.6 percent of its utility operating revenues were derived from Oregon and the balance from Washington. The Company is exempt from the provisions of the federal Natural Gas Act by order of the Federal Power Commission.
The Company's most recent general rate case in Oregon, which was effective in 1989, authorized rates designed to produce a return on common equity of 13.25 percent. The most recent general rate increase in Washington, which was effective in 1986, authorized rates also designed to produce a return on common equity of 13.25 percent. Actual revenues resulting from the OPUC's and WUTC's general rate orders are dependent on weather, economic conditions, competition and other factors affecting gas usage in the Company's service area. The Company has no plans to file general rate cases in either Oregon or Washington in 1994. The Company's returns on average common equity from consolidated operations were 5.8 percent in 1992 and 13.7 percent in 1993.
In Oregon, the Company has a Purchased Gas Cost Adjustment (PGA) tariff under which the Company's net income derived from Oregon operations is affected only within defined limits by changes in purchased gas costs. The PGA tariff provides for periodic revisions in rates due to changes in the Company's cost of purchased gas. Costs included in the PGA adjustments are based on the Company's gas requirements for the 12-month period ended each June 30. Any resulting rate adjustments, derived from gas prices negotiated for the gas supply contract year commencing on the following November 1, are made effective on the following December 1.
The PGA tariff also provides that 80 percent of any difference between actual gas commodity costs and related costs incorporated into rates will be deferred for amortization in subsequent periods. If actual gas commodity costs exceed those incorporated in rates, the Company subsequently will adjust its rates upward to recover 80 percent of the deficiency from core market customers. Sim