 for GNMA matched payment serial notes (Note 7). The remaining mortgage notes receivable have been originated by the Company under firm commitments for sale to various third parties.
The mortgage notes receivable, which result primarily from sales of homes in Puerto Rico, are payable in monthly installments and earn interest at stated interest rates which ranged from 7.5 to 12% in 1993 and 1992.
3. INVENTORY OF REAL ESTATE
Inventory of real estate is summarized as follows:
Due to the decline in demand for housing and the resultant weak real estate markets in New York, New Jersey, Virginia-Washington, D.C. and certain projects in Florida, the Company in 1990, implemented aggressive home sales programs to reduce land positions and thereby generate cash which can be used to invest in better yielding opportunities. The Company liquidated these land positions by selling and building homes at reduced prices. Due to the continuation of this program, the Company in 1992 increased the noncash reserve to reduce the net carrying value of inventory of real estate to its estimated net realizable value by $1,810,000. At December 31, 1993, the balance of these reserves is $725,000 (at December 31, 1992 - $2,289,000) and has been recorded as an allowance to reduce the inventory of land and land development costs.
4. RENTAL AND OTHER PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Rental and other property and equipment are summarized as follows:
Rental properties consisted of two self storage mini-warehouse facilities which were sold for cash during 1993.
5. OTHER ASSETS
Other assets are summarized as follows:
6. INCOME TAXES
The Company and its domestic subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return. The provision for income taxes consists of the following:
Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences in the recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial reporting purposes. The sources of these differences are primarily tax losses from limited partnerships, recognition of 