s probable that United is liable. Such accruals have not been material.
United has certain other contingencies resulting from litigation and claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Although the ultimate outcome of these matters could have a material effect on United's financial condition, operating results or liquidity, management believes, after considering a number of factors, including (but not limited to) the views of legal counsel, the nature of such contingencies and prior experience, that the ultimate disposition of these contingencies is not likely to materially affect United's financial condition, operating results or liquidity.
New Accounting Standards
In November 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," which requires recognition of the liability for postemployment benefits during the period of employment. Such benefits include company paid continuation of group life insurance and medical and dental coverage for certain employees after employment but before retirement. United will adopt the new standard in the first quarter of 1994. Based on preliminary estimates, United currently expects to record a transition obligation, which will result in a cumulative charge of $26 million, net of tax. Prior years' financial statements will not be restated. Ongoing expenses will vary based on actual claims experience.
In May 1993, the FASB issued SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," which requires fair value accounting for certain investments. United is required to adopt the new standard in 1994 and the standard is not to be applied retroactively. Upon adoption, United will record a periodic charge or credit to adjust the carrying value of certain investments to fair value. The adjustment will be recorded in earnings or as a separate component of equity, depending on the type of investment. United does not expect a material