 assist in meeting its working capital requirements. As stated above, during the last six months of 1993, Selex, Yasawa and their affiliates loaned the Company an aggregate of $4,400,000 pursuant to Third Selex Loan. Funds advanced under the Third Selex Loan enabled the Company to commence implementation of the majority of its marketing program in the third quarter of 1993. The full benefits were not realized in 1993 and the Company was unable to secure financing in 1994 to meet its working capital requirements.
On March 10, 1994, the Company was advised that Selex filed Amendment No. 2 dated February 17, 1994 to its Schedule 13D (the "Amendment") with the Commission. In the Amendment, Selex reported that it, together with Yasawa and their affiliates were uncertain as to whether they would provide any further funds to the Company. The Amendment further stated that Selex, Yasawa and their affiliates, were seeking third parties to provide financing for the Company and that as part of any such transaction, they would be willing to sell or restructure all or a portion of their loans and Common Stock in the Company.
Inasmuch as funding is not presently available to the Company from external sources and, as stated in their Amendment, Selex, Yasawa and their affiliates have not determined whether they will provide any further funds to the Company, the Company is facing a severe cash shortfall. As a consequence of its liquidity position, the Company has defaulted on certain obligations, including its escrow obligations to the Division pursuant to the Company's 1992 Consent Order, its obligation under its lease for its corporate offices and its obligation to make required interest payments under loans from Selex, Yasawa and their affiliates. Furthermore, the Company has not paid certain real estate taxes which are approximately $1,549,000 at August 31, 1994 and is also subject to certain pending litigation by former employees and others, which may adversely affect the financ