rated both nitric oxide and particulate matter credits. Certain of the Company's 1994 products which do not meet 1994 emissions standards will be sold by using these emissions credits.
The next major change in emissions requirements for heavy-duty diesel engines occurs in 1998, when the nitric oxide standard is lowered from 5.0 to 4.0 g/bhp-hr. Design and development activity toward meeting this standard is well underway. In 1996, the particulate matter standard for engines used in urban buses changes from 0.07 to 0.05 g/bhp-hr.
Contained in the environmental regulations are several means for the EPA to ensure and verify compliance with emissions standards. Two of the principal means are tests of new engines as they come off the assembly line, referred to as selective enforcement audits ("SEA"), and tests of field engines, commonly called in-use compliance tests. The SEA provisions have been used by the EPA to verify the compliance of heavy-duty engines for several years. In 1993, three such audit tests were performed on Cummins engines, all of which passed. The failure of an SEA could result in cessation of production of the noncompliant engines and the recall of engines produced prior to the audit. In the product development process, Cummins anticipates SEA requirements when it sets emissions design targets.
No Cummins engines were chosen for in-use compliance testing in 1993. It is anticipated that the EPA will increase the in-use test rate in 1994 and subsequent years, raising the probability that one or more of the Company's engines will be selected. As with SEA testing, if an in-use test is failed, an engine recall may be necessary. Cummins believes that its engines meet the EPA's in-use criteria.
In November, 1990, the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 were signed into law. These amendments include special provisions for certain truck fleets in nonattainment metropolitan areas and instruct the EPA to consider regulating emissions from engines used in mobile of