ITEM 1. BUSINESS
The Company
Ohio Edison Company (Company) was organized under the laws of the State of Ohio in 1930 and owns property and does business as an electric public utility in that state. The Company also has ownership interests in certain generating facilities located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
The Company furnishes electric service to communities in a 7,500 square mile area of central and northeastern Ohio. It also provides transmission services and electric energy for resale to certain municipalities in the Company's service area and transmission services to certain rural cooperatives. The Company also engages in the sale, purchase and interchange of electric energy with other electric companies. The area it serves has a population of approximately 2,400,000.
The Company owns all of the outstanding common stock of Pennsylvania Power Company (Penn Power), a Pennsylvania corporation, which furnishes electric service to communities in a 1,500 square mile area of western Pennsylvania. Penn Power also provides transmission services and electric energy for resale to certain municipalities in Pennsylvania. The area served by Penn Power has a population of approximately 360,000.
Central Area Power Coordination Group (CAPCO)
In September 1967, the CAPCO companies, consisting of the Company, Penn Power, The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company (CEI), Duquesne Light Company (Duquesne) and The Toledo Edison Company (Toledo), announced a program for joint development of power generation and transmission facilities. Included in the program are Unit 7 at the W. H. Sammis Plant, Units 1, 2 and 3 at the Bruce Mansfield Plant, Units 1 and 2 at the Beaver Valley Power Station and Unit 1 at the Perry Nuclear Power Plant, each now in service. Perry Unit 2, a CAPCO nuclear generating unit whose construction had been previously suspended, has been abandoned by the CAPCO companies (see "Perry Unit 2").
Arrangements Among the CAPCO Companies
The present CAPCO Basic