Common Stock to $.01 from $1.00. The amendment provided that the stated capital of the Company would not be affected as of the date of the amendment. Accordingly, stated capital of the Company exceeds the amount reported as common stock in the financial statements by approximately $39.0.
G -- EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS The Company sponsors contributory and non-contributory pension and retirement plans. Substantially all employees, other than union employees covered by multiemployer plans under collective bargaining agreements, are eligible to participate in the plans. Retirement benefits under the contributory plans are based on career average earnings. Retirement benefits under the non-contributory plans are based on years of service, employees' average compensation and social security benefits. It is the Company's policy to fund actuarially determined costs as accrued.
LEGGETT & PLATT, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
G -- EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED) Information at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 as to the funded status of Company sponsored defined benefit plans, net pension income from the plans for the years then ended and weighted average assumptions used in the calculations are as follows:
Plan assets are invested in a diversified portfolio of equity, debt and government securities, including 294,000 shares of the Company's common stock at December 31, 1993.
Contributions to union sponsored, multiemployer pension plans were $.2, $.2 and $.4 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. These plans are not administered by the Company and contributions are determined in accordance with provisions of negotiated labor contracts. As of 1993, the actuarially computed values of vested benefits for these plans were equal to or less than the net assets of the plans. Therefore, the Company would have no withdrawal liability. However, the Company has no present intention of withdrawing from any of these plans, nor has the C