index fund, an index fund that attempts to track the performance of common stocks of the second 1,000 largest United States corporations and six bond funds at December 31, 1993. Customer assets invested in the SchwabFunds totaled approximately $15.8 billion at December 31, 1993.
- 6 - THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
The Company intends to offer additional mutual funds to its customers in the future.
Market Making In Nasdaq Securities. M&S provides trade execution services in Nasdaq securities to institutional and broker-dealer clients. These services feature highly automated, competitively priced executions of both Nasdaq and non-Nasdaq stocks and warrants. In most instances, customer orders are routed directly to M&S' trading system and are executed automatically.
Other Activities. To attract the business of accounts managed by independent fee-based financial advisors, Schwab has a dedicated group through which, among other things, it assigns specific, experienced registered representatives to individual financial advisors and occasionally provides certain research materials for the benefit of the advised accounts. Financial advisors participating in this program may access the information in their clients' accounts directly from Schwab's computer data bases. During 1993, Schwab added approximately 1,000 advisors to this program, which at December 31, 1993 included more than 4,200 financial advisors.
Schwab has taken other steps to provide services tailored to meet the specialized needs of other professional investors, including corporations and institutions such as pension funds and investment companies. For example, Schwab's institutional brokerage department provides its customers with technical information and analysis of general conditions and trends in the securities market. Schwab also acts as agent for corporations in repurchasing their securities and in implementing dividend reinvestment plans.
Schwab's brokerage business generated by financial advisors and