 31, 1993. The Company intends to continue to expand this deposit base through selective acquisitions of savings institutions. See "Finance and Banking-- Household Bank, f.s.b.".
REGULATION AND COMPETITION
REGULATION. The Company's businesses are subject to various regulations covering their conduct. Generally, HFC's consumer branch lending offices are regulated by legislation and licensed in those jurisdictions where they operate. Such licenses have limited terms but are renewable, and are revocable for cause. In addition to licensing provisions, statutes in some jurisdictions may provide that a loan not exceed a certain period of time, or may place limits on the size or interest rate of the loan. HFC's sales finance business is also subject to regulatory legislation in certain jurisdictions which, among other things, may limit the interest rates or fees which may be charged or which may inhibit HFC's ability to collect or foreclose upon delinquent loans. All of Household International's consumer finance operations are subject to federal laws relating to discrimination in credit extensions, use of credit reports, disclosure of credit terms, and correction of billing errors.
The Bank is chartered by the Office of Thrift Supervision ("OTS") and is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System. The Bank has its customer deposit accounts insured for up to $100,000 per insured depositor by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"), for which the Bank is assessed a fee. The Bank is subject to examination and supervision by the OTS and FDIC and to federal regulations governing such matters as general investment authority, acquisitions of financial institutions, transactions with affiliates, establishment of branch offices, subsidiaries' investments and activities, and restrictions on dividend payments to Household International. The Bank is also subject to regulatory requirements setting forth minimum capital and liquidity levels. In addition, regulations of the 