. The disclosure statement setting forth the plan of reorganization dated October 21, 1993 provided for the Company to receive ownership and control of the hotel through a 100% equity interest in the reorganized FRBA. The plan also provided for the existing equity holders and any other impaired claim holders to participate in excess cash flow above specified levels and all administrative and unsecured trade claims incurred in the ordinary course of business to be paid in full. A group purporting to represent a significant number of limited partners has filed an objection to the disclosure statement and has challenged the authority of the general partner. These holders have also indicated that they intend to challenge the validity of the Company's lien. In light of this uncertainty, the Company intends to defend its position and pursue a foreclosure of its mortgages and has filed a motion to lift the stay of relief under the Chapter 11 petition to permit a commencement of a foreclosure action. The motion is subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court.
In the event that the Company is successful in its foreclosure proceedings and obtains title to the property, the assets and liabilities of the Frenchman's Reef resort hotel will be included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company at an initial net carrying value equal to the carrying value of the notes.
(b) From 1988 through 1990, PMI loaned entities controlled by Allan Rose and Arthur Cohen (the "Rose and Cohen entities"), an aggregate of $100,890,000 which was initially fully secured by property and/or
PRIME HOSPITALITY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 1993 AND 1992 (CONTINUED)
personal guarantees. PMI was committed to make additional loans, also on a fully secured basis, to the Rose and Cohen entities of up to an aggregate of $130,000,000 if values of, and/or revenues generated by, certain hotel properties controlled by the Rose and Cohen entities attaine