rsement is at prices established in advance by negotiation or competitive bidding for contracts with insurers and other payors such as managed care companies, health maintenance organizations ('HMO'), preferred provider organizations ('PPO') and similar organizations which can provide a reasonable number of referrals.
(c) Cost-based reimbursement is predicated on the allowable cost of services, plus, in certain cases, an incentive payment where costs fall below a target rate. It is used by Medicare, Medicaid and certain Blue Cross insurance programs to provide reimbursement in amounts lower than the schedule of rates in effect at an HGA facility.
(d) CHAMPUS reimbursement is at either (1) regionally set rates, (2) a national rate adjusted upward periodically on the basis of the Medicare Market Basket Index or (3) a fixed discount rate per day at certain facilities where CHAMPUS contracts with a benefit administration group.
The approximate percentages of HGA's net patient revenue by payment source are as follows:
- ------------
(1) Reflects operations of HGA when owned by Nu-Med and, after May 29, 1992, by TCC.
(2) Consists of self-payors and other miscellaneous payors.
The Medicare, Medicaid and CHAMPUS programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes and interpretations, utilization reviews and governmental funding restrictions, all of which may materially increase or decrease program payments and the cost of providing services, as well as the timing of payments to the facilities.
Existing and Proposed Legislation. In recent years, forms of prospective reimbursement legislation have been proposed in various states but have not been enacted into law. If legislation based on the budgeted costs of individual hospitals were to be enacted in the future in one or more of the states in which HGA operates psychiatric facilities, it could have an adverse effect on HGA's business and earnings. In addition, the enactment of such legislation in states where HGA does n