he consent of the Holders, to release a portion of the Net Profits Royalties in connection with a sale by Santa Fe of the underlying Net Profits Properties. Additionally, the assets of the Trust, including the Net Profits Royalties, will be sold by the Trustee prior to the Liquidation Date in anticipation of the termination of the Trust. A sale by the Trust of Net Profits Royalties will be treated for Federal income tax purposes as a sale of Net Profits Royalties by a Holder. Thus, a Holder will recognize gain or loss on a sale of Net Profits Royalties by the Trust. A portion of that income may be treated as ordinary income to the extent of depletion recapture. See 'Sale of Depositary Units; Depletable Basis,' above.
BACKUP WITHHOLDING
In general, distributions of Trust income will not be subject to 'backup withholding' unless: (i) the Holder is an individual or other noncorporate taxpayer and (ii) such Holder fails to comply with certain reporting procedures.
TAX SHELTER REGISTRATION
Code Section 6111 requires a tax shelter organizer to register a 'tax shelter' with the IRS by the first day on which interests in the tax shelter are offered for sale. The Trust is registered as a tax shelter with the IRS. The Trust's tax shelter registration number is 92322000636.
A Holder who sells or otherwise transfers a Trust Unit in a subsequent transaction must furnish the tax shelter registration number to the transferee. The penalty for failure of the transferor of a Trust Unit to furnish such tax shelter registration number to a transferee is $100 for each such failure. Holders must disclose the tax shelter registration number of the Trust on Form 8271 to be attached to the tax return on which any deduction, loss, credit or other benefit generated by the Trust is claimed or income of the Trust is included. A Holder who fails to disclose the tax shelter registration number on his return, without reasonable cause for such failure, will be subject to a $50 penalty for each such