be available to United on satisfactory terms in the future. There is also no assurance that the current slot regulations will remain in effect. If an alternative to the current system were to be adopted, no assurance can be given that such alternative would preserve United's investment in slots already acquired or that slots adequate for future operations would be available.
United believes that, at present, it has a sufficient number of leased gates and other airport facilities at the cities it serves to meet its current and near term needs. From time to time, expansion by United at certain airports may be constrained by insufficient availability of gates on attractive terms. United's ability to expand its international operations in Asia, the South Pacific, Europe and Latin America is subject to restrictions at many of the airports in these regions, including noise curfews, slot controls and absence of adequate airport facilities.
At Los Angeles and elsewhere, United and other airlines face continuing disputes as to the level of landing fee rates and other charges for airport operations. Recently, some of these rates and charges have escalated rapidly.
Mileage Plus Program. United operates a frequent flyer marketing program known as "Mileage Plus" wherein credits are earned by flying on United or using the services of one of the other airlines, credit card companies, car rental agencies and hotels (the "Partners") participating in the Mileage Plus program. The program is designed to enable United to retain and increase the business of frequent travelers. Credits earned under the program may be exchanged at certain plateaus for free travel or service upgrades on United or for use with one or more of the Partners.
When an award level is attained, United records a liability for the incremental costs of accrued credits under the Mileage Plus program based on the expected redemptions. United's incre mental costs include the costs of providing service for an other wise 