culated as GAAP total assets, minus intangible assets (except those included in core capital as described below). Core capital consists of common shareholders' equity, including retained earnings, noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus, less specified intangible assets (a percentage of purchased mortgage servicing rights ("PMSRs")).
In addition, a portion of PMSRs may be included in core capital. Generally, an amount may be included in core capital equal to the lowest of (i) 90% of the fair market value of readily marketable PMSRs or (ii) the current amortized book value as determined under GAAP. However, the amount of PMSRs included in core capital is limited to a maximum of 50% of core capital.
(b) Under the tangible capital requirement, savings institutions must maintain tangible capital in an amount not less than 1.5% of adjusted total assets. Tangible capital is defined in the same manner as core capital, except that all intangible assets, except PMSRs, must be deducted. The percentage of PMSRs which may be included in tangible capital is equal to the lesser of (a) 100% of the amount of tangible capital that exists before the deduction of any disallowed PMSRs or (b) the amount of PMSRs allowed to be included in core capital.
(c) The risk-based standards of the OTS currently require maintenance of core capital equal to at least 4% of risk-weighted assets, and total capital equal to at least 8% of risk-weighted assets. Total capital includes core capital plus supplementary capital, but supplementary capital that may be included in computing total capital for this purpose may not exceed core capital. Supplementary capital includes cumulative perpetual preferred stock, allowable subordinated debt and general loan loss allowances, within specified limits. Such general loss allowances may not exceed 1.25% of risk-weighted assets. Additionally, investments in non-includable subsidiaries will be subject to a 100% exclusion from risk-based capital b