ny groups its business into these three segments. The following table sets forth the Company's revenues and operating profit attributable to the respective segments of its operations for each of the years 1991 through 1993, and the identifiable assets attributable to the respective segments as at the end of each of those years:
Operating profit is comprised of revenues less operating expenses. In computing operating profit, general corporate expenses and income taxes have not been deducted.
There were no individual customers from which the Company derived 10% or more of its revenues in 1991, 1992 or 1993.
Competition
The construction, development and home building industries in all of the areas in which the Company operates are highly competitive, and the Company competes with major concerns as well as with smaller contractors or builders, some of whom have greater financial resources than the Company.
Raw Materials and Equipment
Substantially all the materials used by the Company in projects now under construction, including fixtures, appliances and systems, are readily available from many sources. The Company has from time to time experienced some shortages, delays and increased costs in connection with material shortages and increases in material prices but the Company does not believe the effect to have been significant.
Employees--Labor Relations
The Company directly employed, at December 31, 1993, a total of approximately 1,100 persons. The Company considers that it has satisfactory relations with the unions whose members it employs.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties
The Company leases 25,000 square feet of space for its corporate offices and its main office for the construction management business, HRH, located at 909 Third Avenue in New York City. The lease for such space, which it occupied in 1973, expires in 1997. The Company also maintains a mobile field office at each of its construction sites.
Levitt leases approximately 5,700 square feet of office space whi