. Such price fluctuations will directly impact Trust distributions, estimates of Trust reserves and estimated future net revenues from Trust reserves.
In view of the many uncertainties affecting the supply and demand for oil, gas and refined petroleum products, Santa Fe is unable to make reliable predictions of future oil and gas prices and demand or the overall effect they will have on the Trust. Santa Fe does not believe that the loss of any of its purchasers would have a material adverse effect on the Trust, since substantially all of the oil and gas sales from the Royalty Properties are made on the spot market at market responsive prices.
GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION
OIL AND GAS REGULATION
The production, transportation and sale of oil and gas from the Royalty Properties are subject to Federal and state governmental regulation, including regulations concerning maximum allowable rates of production, regulation of tariffs charged by pipelines, taxes, the prevention of waste, the conservation of oil and gas, pollution controls and various other matters. The United States has governmental power to permit increases in the amount of oil imported from other countries and to impose pollution control measures.
FEDERAL REGULATION OF GAS. The Net Profits Properties are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and the Department of Energy with respect to various aspects of oil and gas operations including marketing and production of oil and gas. The Natural Gas Act and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (Policy Act) mandate Federal regulation of interstate transportation of gas and of wellhead pricing of certain domestic gas, depending on the category of the gas and the nature of the sale. In July 1989, however, Congress enacted the Natural Gas Wellhead Decontrol Act of 1989 that eliminated wellhead price controls on all domestic gas effective January 1, 1993.
In 1992, FERC issued Orders Nos. 636 and 636-A which generally opened access to in