on operations produce speed reducers and loose gearing which are recognized as leading products in their market niches. The speed reducers and gear boxes are used to reduce the output speed and increase the torque of power trains. The operations also produce worm gear sets used as speed reducers by original equipment manufacturers, and by oil and gas and industrial machinery customers.
In addition, the power transmission sector manufactures AC and DC adjustable-speed motor controls that are utilized to variably adjust the speed of electric motors. Customized systems for process controls used in such applications as printing, tire and glass production and material handling make up a large portion of the segment's motor controls sales.
The controls operations of this segment design and manufacture products that perform a wide variety of critical sensing, measuring, monitoring and control functions.
Tank level indicators, level switches, solid state relays and flow meters are manufactured principally for marine and general industrial applications. These indicators are used in ocean- going tankers, military vessels, petrochemical facilities and industrial and commercial products around the world. Hundreds of varieties of liquid-level monitors, indicators and switches are manufactured for use by more than 30,000 customers. Pressure transducers are used to measure pressure as a continuous function and are sold to a wide segment of the general industrial market.
Turbomachinery
The major products of this segment are steam turbines and compressors. Steam turbines principally are used to drive generators, compressors and pumps. Compressors are sold primarily to the oil and gas exploration and production industry, and the chemical and petrochemical industries. The segment continues to manufacture steam condensers, and is the leading supplier of steam condensers for United States Navy nuclear submarine propulsion systems.
A primary emphasis of this segment is to service, repair