sidered appropriate to issue long- term securities. The Company canceled or postponed approximately $47 million of debt financings in 1993 due to favorable short-term alternatives. In 1992, the Company and its affiliates established an internal money pool as a facility to accommodate intercompany short-term borrowing needs, to the extent that certain of the companies have funds available.
At December 31, 1993, the Company had SEC authorization to issue up to $170 million of short-term debt. In addition, a multi-year credit program was established in January 1994, which provides that the Company may borrow on a standby revolving credit basis up to $135 million. After the initial three-year term, the program agreement provides that the maturity date may be extended in one-year increments. The borrowings have the support of a long-term credit facility. During 1994, the Company plans to issue about $105 million of new securities, consisting of both debt and equity issues and, if economic and market conditions make it desirable, may refinance up to $212 million of first mortgage bonds, preferred stock, and pollution control revenue notes. The Company may also engage in additional Harrison County tax-exempt solid waste disposal financings to the extent that funds are available.
The Company anticipates that it will be able to meet its future cash needs through internal cash generation and external financings as it has in the past and possibly through alternative financing procedures.
Environmental Matters and Other Contingencies In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various contingencies and uncertainties relating to its operations and construction program, including cost recovery in the regulatory process, laws, regulations and uncertainties related to environmental matters, and legal actions. Contingencies and uncertainties related to the CAAA are discussed above and under Note J to the consolidated financial statements.
Pennsylvania has enacted haz