ure of the Huntington Green Apartments, an apartment complex which secured a $2.4 million first mortgage. The foreclosure resulted in no loss to the Trust in excess of previously established reserves. See "Real Estate" above.
Wraparound Mortgage Loans. The Trust may invest in wraparound mortgage loans on real estate subject to prior mortgage indebtedness. A wraparound mortgage loan is a mortgage loan having an original principal amount equal to the outstanding balance under the prior existing mortgage plus the amount actually advanced under the wraparound mortgage loan.
Wraparound mortgage loans may provide for full, partial or no amortization of principal. The Trust's policy is to make wraparound mortgage loans in amounts and on properties as to which it would otherwise make first mortgage loans. The Trust did not originate or acquire any wraparound mortgage loans in 1993. The following discussion briefly describes the events that affected previously funded or otherwise acquired wraparound mortgage loans during 1993.
As part of the Trust's 1992 acquisition of the general and limited partnership interests in CCP II, the Trust received a wraparound mortgage note secured by the Plaza Jardin, an office building located in El Toro, California. In May 1993, the Trust foreclosed on the property securing the note receivable. Immediately following the foreclosure, the Trust sold the property for $200,000 in cash, subject to the $3.3 million underlying mortgage debt. The Trust recognized a $94,000 gain on the sale of the property.
Junior Mortgage Loans. The Trust may invest in junior mortgage loans. Such loans are secured by mortgages that are subordinate to one or more prior liens either on the fee or a leasehold interest in real estate. Recourse on such loans ordinarily includes the real estate on which the loan is made, other collateral and personal guarantees by the borrower. The Trust's Declaration of Trust restricts investment in junior mortgage loans, excluding wrapar