led with FERC for several large utility companies or systems and more open access transmission tariffs are anticipated. Concurrently, capacity resources are being developed and used to make wholesale sales from a range of non-traditional sources, including nonutility generators as well as cogenerators and small power producers qualifying under PURPA.
These developments simultaneously produce increased marketing opportunities for utility systems such as Entergy and expose the System to loss of load or reduced sales revenues due to displacement of System sales by alternative suppliers with access to the System's primary areas of service. Entergy Power, which owns 809 MW of capacity, was formed to compete with other utilities and independent power producers in the bulk power market. As of December 31, 1993, Entergy Power has accumulated total losses from operations of $52.5 million. Entergy Power has entered into several long-term contracts for the sale of capacity and associated energy from its resources and has also made short-term capacity and energy sales. Entergy Power continues to actively market its capacity and energy in the bulk power market. (See "Corporate Development," above, for information with respect to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Entergy, Entergy Power Development Corporation, organized as an EWG to compete in the wholesale power market.)
Retail Competition. Scheduled increases in the price of power sold by the System pursuant to the operation of phase-in plans (see "Rate Matters and Regulation - Rate matters - Retail Rate Matters," below) will affect the competitiveness of certain classes of industrial customers whose costs of production are energy-sensitive. Entergy is constantly working with these customers to address their concerns. It is the practice of the System operating companies to negotiate the renewal of contracts with large industrial customers prior to their expiration. In certain cases (particularly for GSU), contracts or special tariff