offices. With the customer service support of the regional customer telephone service centers and TeleBroker (trademark), branch personnel are able to focus a significant portion of their time on business development. Branch training programs and compensation plans emphasize identifying customer needs that can be satisfied with Schwab products and services, and increasing customer assets held in Schwab accounts.
Schwab advertises regularly in financially-oriented newspapers and periodicals and occasionally in general circulation publications. Schwab advertisements appear regularly on national and local cable television and
- 4 - THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
periodically on radio and independent television stations. Schwab's national network television advertising campaign, launched during the fourth quarter of 1991, has resulted in significant increases in Schwab brand awareness among investors. Schwab employs volume-buying and other strategies to minimize the expense of broadcast advertising. Through these broadcast-buying strategies and by using Schwab employees to produce and buy print advertising, management believes Schwab realizes savings on its promotional expenses. Schwab also engages extensively in targeted direct mail advertising through monthly statement "inserts" and special mailings.
In its advertising, as well as in promotional events such as press appearances, Schwab has aggressively promoted the name and likeness of its Chairman, Mr. Schwab. The Company believes there is a substantial benefit related to Mr. Schwab's association with the Company and that Schwab's marketing programs and overall business is dependent on the ability to continue to use Mr. Schwab's name and likeness. The Company has entered into an agreement with Mr. Schwab by which he, subject to certain limitations, has assigned to the Company and Schwab all service mark, trademark, and trade name rights in his name (and variations thereon) and likeness.
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Securiti