five largest such dealer accounts collectively represented 8.8% of the portfolio. In the opinion of the Company, the loss of the business represented by any one of these accounts would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's overall business.
Relationship with Caterpillar
Caterpillar provides the Company with certain operational and financial support which is integral to the conduct of the Company's business. The employees of the Company are covered by various benefit plans, including pension/post-retirement plans, administered by Caterpillar. The Company reimburses Caterpillar for certain corporate services and pays rent for space occupied on Caterpillar premises. For more information on payments for services, see Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company, in conjunction with Caterpillar and its subsidiaries, periodically offers below-market-rate financing to customers under merchandising programs. Caterpillar, at the outset of the transaction, remits to the Company an amount equal to the interest differential which is recognized as income over the term of the contracts. For more information on the interest differential payments, see Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company entered into agreements with a subsidiary of Caterpillar to purchase, at a discount, some or all of the subsidiary's receivables generated by sales of products to Caterpillar dealers in Germany, Austria, and the Czech Republic. These purchases (wholesale financing) in 1993 and 1992 totaled $210.2 million and $201.7 million, respectively.
Through December 31, 1993, Caterpillar had invested a total of $250.0 million in the equity of the Company. The Company and Caterpillar have also entered into an agreement (the "Support Agreement") which provides, among other things, that Caterpillar will (i) remain, directly or indirectly, the sole owner of the Company, (ii) ensure that the Company will maintain a tangible net worth 