or its current products and its overall product mix and seeks to develop distribution relationships with suppliers of products that enhance the Company's product offerings. The Company believes that the size of its reseller customer base, its international distribution capability and the breadth and quality of its marketing support programs give it a competitive advantage over smaller, regional distributors in developing supplier relationships.
As a result of the ComputerLand Acquisition, the Company, through the ComputerLand Business, is now able to offer to the ComputerLand Business' franchisees and affiliates a broad range of microcomputer systems and other products from Apple, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard and IBM. Although the Company distributes certain products of these leading manufacturers through its wholesale distribution arrangements, neither the Company nor its direct wholesale distribution competitors have been authorized to sell these manufacturers' key microcomputer systems in the United States, except on a limited basis. Instead, these manufacturers historically have distributed their products directly to resellers and through aggregators such as ComputerLand Corporation. See "--The Industry."
The Company believes that an opportunity exists to generate additional, higher-margin revenues by offering fee-based services and information to manufacturers and resellers. In 1993, the Company formed the Channel Services Group to provide a variety of these services, including telemarketing, merchandising and electronic software services.
Achieving Operational Excellence. The Company believes that high levels of customer service and operating efficiency, or "operational excellence," are significant factors in achieving and maintaining success in the highly competitive microcomputer products distribution industry. The Company measures operational excellence by such standards as "ease of doing business," accuracy and efficiency in delivering products and expediting t