diately above.
Defendants denied Plaintiff's claims and filed a counterclaim. The defendants also filed a motion to strike all of Kranz's and IMG's pleadings in both cases and to enter a default judgement against Kranz and IMG for gross and continuing violations of discovery orders. By order dated June 26, 1990, the judge struck all of the pleadings filed by Kranz and IMG including both of their complaints and both of their answers to the Company's counterclaims. On February 12, 1991, the trial judge entered final judgement in favor of the individual defendants, Alan Levan and Frank Grieco, specifically reserving jurisdiction for further proceedings as to the corporate entities to enter final judgement against the plaintiffs on the complaint. Kranz and IMG appealed the judgement in favor of the individual defendants and the judgement was affirmed. The corporate defendants have filed a motion for entry of judgment against Kranz and IMG and requesting damages and attorney's fees.
Joseph Roma vs. I.R.E. Advisors Series 29, Corp., et al., in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, County Department, Chancery Division, Case No. 91CH2429. - This action was filed as a class action during March 1991. The action, brought on behalf of investors in I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 29 ("Series 29"), alleged fraud and fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary duty, negligent misrepresentation and violations of the Blue Sky Laws by defendants relating to their promotion, marketing, control and management of Series 29, a public limited partnership. The action sought rescission of the investments, contracts and agreements relating to investments in Series 29, damages in an unstated amount and other relief as the court deemed appropriate. This action was dismissed by the court. Plaintiffs appealed such dismissal and in February 1994, the Appellate Court affirmed the dismissal in favor of all defendants.
John F. Weaver, Trustee for the Bankruptcy Estate of Milton A. Turner