ntegral part of these consolidated financial statements.
Consumers Water Company and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Consumers Water Company (the Company) and its water utility and utility services subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The consolidated financial statements and related footnote information have been restated to reflect the Company's real estate subsidiary, The Dartmouth Company, and its manufactured housing subsidiary, Burlington Homes of New England, as discontinued operations. See Notes 12 and 13.
Regulation The rates, operations, accounting and certain other practices of the Company's utility subsidiaries are subject to the regulatory authority of state public utility commissions.
Property, Plant and Equipment The utility subsidiaries generally capitalize interest at current rates on short-term notes payable used to finance major construction projects. Utility plant construction costs also include payroll, related fringe benefits and other overhead costs associated with construction activity.
Depreciation is provided principally at straight-line composite rates. consolidated provision, based on average amounts of depreciable utility plant (which excludes contributions in aid of construction and customers' advances for construction for most subsidiaries), approximated 2.4% in 1993, 2.3% in 1992 and 2.1% in 1991. Under composite depreciation, when property is retired or sold in the normal course of business, the entire cost, including net cost of removal, is charged to accumulated depreciation and no gain or loss is recognized.
The utility services subsidiary depreciates property and equipment using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally 5 to 10 years.
Revenue Recogni