 court decisions in this matter. On October 25, 1993, the judgment against the Company was satisfied by payment to LILCO of approximately $19.3 million by two of the Company's insurers.
In late June 1992, the Company filed an action in the Northern District of California against one of its insurers in an attempt to collect amounts for defense costs paid to counsel retained by the Company in defense of the LILCO litigation. The insurer has refused to reimburse the Company for approximately $8 million in defense costs paid by the Company alleging that defense costs above reasonable levels were expended in defending this litigation. Upon motion by the defendant this action has now been transferred to the Southern District of New York and assigned to one of the judges who heard the underlying LILCO trial.
In January 1993, the Company was served a complaint in a case brought in California by another insurer alleging that the insurer was entitled to recover $10 million in defense costs previously paid in connection with the LILCO matter and $1.2 million of the judgment which was paid on behalf of the Company. The complaint alleges inter alia that the insurer's policies did not cover the matters in question in the LILCO case. An Answer denying the complaint has been filed in connection with this matter.
The Company and one of its subsidiaries are two of a large number of defendants in a number of lawsuits brought by approximately 20,000 claimants who allege injury caused by exposure to asbestos. Although the Company and its subsidiary have never been producers or direct suppliers of asbestos, it is alleged that the industrial and marine products sold by the Company and the subsidiary had components which contained asbestos. The allegations state a claim for asbestos exposure when Company-manufactured equipment was maintained or installed. Suits against the Company have been tendered to its insurers who are defending under their stated reservation of rights. The insurers fo