 tax return with its wholly-owned subsidiaries, since the Company owns less than 80% of the outstanding stock of BankAtlantic. Income taxes are provided on the Company's interest in the portion of the BankAtlantic's earnings not subject to the 80% dividends received exclusion. Deferred income taxes are provided on elements of income that are recognized for financial accounting purposes in periods different than such items are recognized for income tax purposes.
In February 1992, the Financial Accounting Standard Board ("FASB") issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" ("FAS 109"). FAS 109 requires a change from the deferred method to the asset and liability method to account for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method of FAS 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under FAS 109, the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the period that includes the statutory enactment date. BFC adopted FAS 109, as of January 1, 1993. The cumulative effect of this change in accounting for income taxes was a charge aggregating approximately $501,000.
Pursuant to the deferred method under APB Opinion 11, which was applied in 1992 and prior years, deferred income taxes are recognized for income and expense items that are reported in different years for financial reporting purposes and income tax purposes using the tax rates applicable for the year of the calculation. Under the deferred method, deferred taxes are not adjusted for subsequent changes in tax rates.
The Omnibus Budget Reconciliat