deduction is reduced, but not below zero, by the amount of the addition to reserves for losses on nonqualifying loans for the taxable year. Finally, a savings institution that computes its bad debt deduction using the percentage of taxable income method and files its federal income tax return as part of a consolidated group, as St. Paul Federal does, is required to reduce proportionately its bad debt deduction for losses attributable to activities of nonsavings institution members of the consolidated group that are "functionally related" to the savings institution member. (The savings institution member is permitted, however, to proportionately increase its bad debt deduction in subsequent years to recover any such reduction to the extent the nonsavings institution members realize income in future years from their "functionally related" activities.) St. Paul Federal does not expect that the amount of its otherwise allowable bad debt deductions will be reduced as a result of these limitations for the foreseeable future.
As of December 31, 1993, St. Paul Federal's tax bad debt reserves totaled approximately $51.1 million. To the extent that (i) St. Paul Federal's reserve for losses on qualifying real property loans plus its supplemental reserve for losses on loans exceeds the amount that would have been allowed under the experience method and (ii) St. Paul Federal makes distributions to the Company that are considered to result in withdrawals from this excess bad debt reserve, then the amounts withdrawn will be included in the Bank's taxable income. The amount considered to be withdrawn by a distribution will be the amount of the distribution plus the amount necessary to pay the tax with respect to the withdrawal. Dividends paid out of St. Paul Federal's current or accumulated earnings and profits as calculated for federal income tax purposes, however, will not be considered to result in withdrawals from its bad debt reserves. Distributions in excess of St. Paul Feder