Item 1. Business
Balcor Pension Investors-VI (the "Registrant") is a limited partnership formed in 1984 under the laws of the State of Illinois. The Registrant raised $345,640,500 from sales of Limited Partnership Interests. The Registrant's operations consist of investment in first mortgage loans and, to a lesser extent, wrap-around mortgage loans and junior mortgage loans. The Registrant is also currently operating thirteen properties and holds minority joint venture interests with affiliates in one property acquired through foreclosure and in another property purchased from an unaffiliated party. All financial information in this report relates to this industry segment.
The Registrant funded a total of thirty-one loans. Nine of these loans have been repaid, including three during 1993. A portion of the Mortgage Reductions generated by the loan prepayments has been distributed to Limited Partners, and the remainder has been retained while the Registrant analyzes future working capital requirements. During prior years, one loan was also written off. The Registrant acquired thirteen properties and a minority joint venture interest with an affiliate, and sold one property in 1992 and one in 1993. The Registrant also purchased a minority joint venture interest with an affiliate in the Sand Pebble Village II Apartments (formerly Sand Dune Apartments) during October 1993. In addition, during October 1993, an affiliate of the Registrant assumed management of the properties which collateralize the loans on the Northgate and Gatewood apartment complexes, and these investments have been classified as real estate held for sale at December 31, 1993. As of December 31, 1993, the Registrant has five outstanding loans in its investment portfolio and owns the properties described under Item 2.


Item 2. Properties
As of December 31, 1993, the Registrant acquired the thirteen properties and two minority joint venture interests described below:
Location Description of Property
Bato