 estate acquisition commission for locating and negotiating the lease or purchase by the Trust of any property equal to the lesser of (i) up to 3% of the purchase price, inclusive of commissions, if any, paid by the Trust to other brokers or (ii) the compensation customarily charged in arm's-length transactions by others rendering similar property acquisition services in the same geographical location and for comparable property. Any commission which is paid to Carmel Realty by the seller shall be credited against the commission to be paid by the Trust. Carmel Realty is also entitled to receive a real estate sales commission for the sale of each Trust property equal to the lesser of (i) 3% (inclusive of fees, if any, paid by the Trust to other brokers) of the sales price of each property or (ii) the compensation customarily charged in arm's-length transactions paid by others rendering similar services in the same geographic location for comparable property.
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.)
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 11. ADVISORY FEES, PROPERTY MANAGEMENT FEES, ETC.
Fees and cost reimbursements to BCM, the Trust's advisor until March 31, 1994, and its affiliates:
- --------------------------------
* Net of property management fees paid to subcontractors.
NOTE 12. INCOME TAXES
For the years 1993, 1992 and 1991, the Trust has elected and qualified to be treated as a Real Estate Investment Trust ("REIT"), as defined in Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and as such, will not be taxed for federal income tax purposes on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to shareholders, provided that at least 95% of its REIT taxable income, plus 95% of its taxable income from foreclosure property as defined in Section 857 of the Code, is distributed. See NOTE 7. "DISTRIBUTIONS."
The Trust had a net loss for federal income tax purposes in 1991, 1992