he Company presently employs approximately 4,100 persons. Approximately 1,200 employees are covered under union contracts stipulating rates of pay, hours of employment and other conditions of employment. During 1993, the Company successfully extended its contract for one year with approximately 80 union employees at the Vertical Products Division, located in City of Industry, California. Including California, contracts with four unions covering approximately 430 employees expire in 1994. An early settlement was reached recently with the International Association of Machinists at the Municipal Business Unit in Baldwinsville, New York, the smallest of the four unions; another proposed early settlement was turned down by the 285-member United Steelworkers Union located at the Slurry Pump Division (SPD) in Ashland, Pennsylvania. The Company believes, however, that settlements will be reached in all cases before the contract expiration dates.
The Company considers that its overall labor relations are good with active labor-management committees operating at all locations. Approximately 2,800 persons are employed domestically while approximately 1,300 persons work at foreign affiliate locations.
Seasonal Business
The Company operates at its lowest level during the first and last quarter of each calendar year due primarily to the Water
Page 8 of 54
Technologies Group market decline in winter months. The Industrial Products Group of the Company is not a seasonal business.
Environmental Considerations
On February 22, 1994, the Company was served with a copy of a sixty day notice given by the Environmental Defense Fund and the National Resources Defense Fund to the Attorney General and other California officials alleging that the Company and other submersible pump manufacturers were in violation of the Proposition 65.
The law prohibits the discharge, into sources of drinking water, of chemicals (including lead) known to the State of California to cause cancer or reproduction 