n reduction plans and additional control of some discharges anticipated.
Pursuant to the National Groundwater Protection Strategy, which supplements existing West Virginia groundwater protection policy, West Virginia has adopted a Groundwater Protection Act. This law establishes a statewide antidegradation policy which could require the Operating Subsidiaries to undertake reconstruction of existing landfills and surface impoundments as well as groundwater remediation, and may affect herbicide use for right-of-way maintenance in West Virginia. Groundwater protection standards were approved and implemented in 1993 (based on EPA drinking water criteria) which established compliance limits which cannot be exceeded. The Operating Subsidiaries anticipate that some facilities will not be able to meet the new compliance limits. Variance requests and requests for stays of implementation have been made for all affected facilities. However, variance rules have not yet been promulgated and action on the requests has not been taken. Therefore, it is not possible to predict the difficulty and costs associated with obtaining variances. If variances are not granted, costs may be incurred by the Operating Subsidiaries for groundwater remediation. Such costs, if any, cannot be predicted at this time.
- 26 -
The Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources (PADER) developed a Groundwater Quality Protection Strategy which established a goal of nondegradation of groundwater quality. However, the strategy recognizes that there are technical and economic limitations to immediately achieving the goal and further recognizes that some groundwaters need greater protection than others. The PADER is beginning to implement the strategy by promulgating changes to the existing rules that heretofore did not consider the nondegradation goal. The full extent of the impact of the strategy on the Operating Subsidiaries cannot be anticipated at this time.
In 1993, two notices of violation were rec