ITEM 1. BUSINESS
First National Bancorp (Registrant) was incorporated as a Georgia business corporation in 1980. In July 1981, through a plan of reorganization, the Registrant acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock of The First National Bank of Gainesville (FNBG), Gainesville, Georgia in exchange for Registrant's common stock.
Because of its ownership of all the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the following banks, Registrant is a "bank holding company" as that term is defined under Federal law in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and under the bank holding company laws of the State of Georgia. As a bank holding company, the Registrant is subject to the applicable provisions of the Federal Reserve System and the Georgia State Department of Banking and Finance. The Registrant's primary business as a bank holding company is to manage the business and affairs of its banking subsidiaries. The Registrant's subsidiary banks provide a full range of banking and mortgage banking services to their customers.
Since its formation in 1980 through December 31, 1993, the Registrant has acquired fourteen banks in addition to the founding bank, FNBG. Those banks which have been acquired and some information about each is presented in the "Acquisition Schedule, Properties, and Other Information" table below.
The following table lists the Registrant and subsidiaries, disclosing information pertinent to Part I, Item 1 and properties information disclosure as required in Part I, Item 2


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Registrant's fifteen subsidiary banks operate as autonomously as is possible under a holding company structure within their particular counties and maintain separate banking facilities, which each subsidiary bank owns or leases. In addition, Registrant owns a main office building, used as its corporate offices, and several other offices used to house banking support operations. See Item 1. Business for additional information concerning 