siness, which includes The Dartmouth Company (Dartmouth) and its wholly owned subsidiary, Arcadia Company (Arcadia). In February 1991, the Company decided to cease any further investment in Dartmouth. This action was in response to increasingly stringent financing requirements for real estate investors, recent bank failures creating a considerable inventory of properties on the market at distressed prices and the inability to forecast a near bottom to the New England real estate market decline. Dartmouth had notes payable to financial institutions aggregating $14.2 million at December 31, 1990, which were secured by its real estate assets and other liabilities of $420,000, consisting primarily of current liabilities. As of December 31, 1991, Dartmouth had sold, or otherwise disposed of, all of its properties. As a result of the successful resolution of material uncertainties related to the disposition of the Company's real estate operations the Company reversed $1.8 million of its reserve for loss on disposal of discontinued operations during 1991. The Dartmouth Company's business is being accounted for as a discontinued operation, and accordingly, operating results to the date of discontinuance are shown separately in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income, and all financial statements presented for prior periods have been restated. Total sales for the discontinued real estate operations were $1.7 million in 1991.
(13) Discontinuance of Manufactured Housing Operations
On October 6, 1993, the Company announced its intention to dispose of its manufactured housing business, Burlington Homes of New England. The business was offered for sale. The estimated loss on the disposal of $4.2 million was recorded in the third quarter of 1993. To date, efforts to sell Burlington have been unsuccessful, and an additional $1.1 million reserve was recorded in the fourth quarter for a total reserve of $5.3 million, net of taxes, of approximately $600,000. The operating r