are of the capacity of Perry Unit 1 or any other future nuclear units, if they so desire. In September 1987, Edison asked the NRC to suspend these license conditions. In April 1991, the NRC Staff denied Edison's application; accordingly, Edison petitioned the NRC for a hearing. Pursuant to this request the matter was referred to the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board (ASLB). The ASLB ruled against
Edison in November 1992. Edison petitioned the NRC to review the ASLB decision in December 1992. On August 3, 1993, the NRC ruled that the license conditions will not be suspended. On October 1, 1993, Edison appealed the NRC decision in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. If these license conditions are not suspended, they could have a materially adverse but presently undeterminable effect on the Company's future business operations.
The NRC has promulgated and continues to promulgate additional regulations related to the safe operation of nuclear power plants. The Company cannot predict what additional regulations will be promulgated or design changes required or the effect that any such regulations or design changes, or the consideration thereof, may have upon Beaver Valley Unit 1 and Perry Unit 1. Although the Company has no reason to anticipate an accident at any nuclear plant in which it has an interest, if such an accident did happen, it could have a material but presently undeterminable adverse effect on the Company's financial position. In addition, such an accident at any operating nuclear plant, whether or not owned by the Company, could result in regulations or requirements that could affect the operation or licensing of plants that the Company does own with a consequent but presently undeterminable adverse impact, and could affect the Company's ability to raise funds in the capital markets.
Nuclear Insurance
The Price-Anderson Act limits the public liability which can be assessed with respect to a nuclear power plant to $9,39