d expenses to the Company and certain of the defendants to disgorge their profits to the Company. On October 16, 1992, the defendants moved to dismiss the First Amended Derivative Complaint on grounds that such Complaint fails to comply with Delaware Chancery Court Rule 23.1 and that Count III of the First Amended Derivative Complaint fails to state a claim. The Company has been advised by the individual directors named as defendants that they believe they have meritorious defenses to this lawsuit and intend vigorously to defend against the allegations in the First Amended Derivative complaint.
The Company was named as a nominal defendant in a purported shareholder derivative action entitled Bruce D. Sturman v. Gary A. Singer, Steven G. Singer, Brad C. Singer, Martin Singer, John D. Collins II, Back Bay Capital, Inc., G. Albert Griggs, Jr., John and Jane Does 1-10 and The Cooper Companies, Inc., which was filed on May 26, 1992 in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York. The plaintiff, Bruce D. Sturman, a former officer and director of the Company, alleged that Gary A. Singer, as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors, and various members of the Singer family caused the Company to make improper payments to alleged third-party co-conspirators, Messrs. Griggs and Collins, as part of the 'trading scheme' that was the subject of the Indictment. The complaint requested that the Court order the defendants (other than the Company) to pay damages and expenses to the Company, including reimbursement of payments made by the Company to Messrs. Collins and Griggs, and to disgorge their profits to the Company. Pursuant to its decision and order, filed August 17, 1993, the Court dismissed this action under New York Civil Practice Rule 327(a). On September 22, 1993, the plaintiff filed a Notice of Appeal.
The Company was named in an action entitled Bruce D. Sturman v. The Cooper Companies, Inc. and Does 1-100, Inclusive, first brought on July 24, 1992 in the S