olidated financial statements include the accounts of IBM Credit Corporation (the Company) and those of its subsidiaries which are more than 50 percent owned. Investments in partnerships in which the Company has typically a 20 percent ownership are accounted for using the equity method.
Cash and Cash Equivalents: Time deposits with original maturities generally of three months or less are included in cash and cash equivalents. Cash paid for interest was $366.2 million, $504.1 million, and $580.3 million for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
Finance Income Recognition: Income attributable to direct financing leases and loans receivable is initially recorded as unearned income and subsequently recognized as finance income at level rates of return over the term of the leases or receivables. Income recognized from leveraged leases includes the amortization of unearned finance income and deferred investment and other tax credits over the term of the leases, at level rates of return, during periods when the net investment balance is positive.
Equipment on Operating Lease: Equipment is depreciated on a straight-line basis to its estimated residual value over the lease term.
Equipment Sales Income Recognition: Revenue from equipment sales to existing lessees is recognized at the effective date a purchase provision is exercised. Revenue from sales to parties other than the existing lessee is recognized when title transfers.
Allowance for Receivable Losses: The allowance for receivable losses is determined on the basis of actual collection experience and estimated future collectibility of the related assets.
Income Taxes: The application of the intercompany tax allocation agreement (the Agreement) between the Company and its parent company, IBM, was mutually clarified during the first quarter of 1993. The Agreement now
aligns the settlement of federal and state tax benefits/and or obligations with the Company's provision for income taxes determined on a separate company basi