or Income Taxes." This statement superseded SFAS 96, which the company adopted in 1988. SFAS 109 continues to require the use of the liability method for reporting income taxes in which current or deferred tax liabilities or assets are recorded in accordance with enacted tax laws and rates. Under this method, the amount of deferred tax liabilities or assets at the end of each period is determined using the tax rate expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered.
SFAS 109 changed, among other things, the recognition criteria for deferred tax assets. Future tax benefits are recognized to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not. Upon adoption, the company was able to record certain deferred foreign income tax benefits not previously recognized. The favorable cumulative effect of this accounting change for the periods prior to January 1, 1992, was $24 million.
Deferred income taxes are provided for the estimated income tax effect of temporary differences between financial and tax bases in assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are also provided for certain tax credit carryforwards. A valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets will be established if appropriate. See Note 8 for the principal temporary differences and unused tax credits.
Foreign Currency Translation
Foreign exchange gains and losses as a result of translating a foreign entity's financial statements from its functional currency into U.S. dollars are included as a separate component of stockholders' equity. The functional currency for all foreign operations, except Canada, is the U.S. dollar. Gains or losses incurred on currency transactions in other than a country's functional currency are included in net earnings.
Environmental Costs
Environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Expenditures that relate to existing conditions caused by past operations and have no future economi