ITEM 1. BUSINESS
(A) GENERAL
Commonwealth Equity Trust ("Trust") was formed as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") on July 31, 1973 for the primary purpose of acquiring, owning and financing real property and mortgage investments. The Trust provides investors with the opportunity to own, through transferable shares, an interest in diversified real estate investments. The Trust invested primarily in income-producing real property (as opposed to property investments acquired primarily for possible capital gain) and in loans secured by mortgages on real property in accordance with investment objectives and policies. Most of the investments in mortgage loans were in connection with the disposition of The Trust's real properties. In addition, the Trust also acquired unimproved real property with little current income for the propose of constructing buildings or other improvements thereon or for capital appreciation.
Through these investments, The Trust has provided investors with the opportunity to participate in a portfolio of professionally managed real estate assets in much the same way that a mutual fund affords investors an opportunity to invest in a professionally managed portfolio of stocks, bonds and other securities. A REIT is not, however, a mutual fund, and is not subject to the same regulations as a mutual fund.
In 1977, the Trust elected to be and was taxed as a REIT through the year ended September 30, 1992. Under the Internal Revenue Code, a qualified REIT is relieved, in part, of federal income taxes on ordinary income and capital gains distributed to shareholders. State tax benefits may also accrue to a qualified REIT. The Trust maintained a general policy of distributing cash to its shareholders that approximated taxable income plus noncash charges such as depreciated and amortization. As a result, distributions to shareholders often exceeded cumulative net income.
During the year ended September 30, 1993, the Trust did not qualify to be taxed as a 