d activity was primarily attributable to the introduction of several new products within these Communities in 1992. This favorable volume variance was partially offset by decreased closing activity associated with certain product lines which were substantially or completely sold out in 1991, as well as decreased closing activity at one of the Partnership's Atlanta Communities. In an effort to stimulate sales activity at one of the Atlanta Communities, the Partnership is offering lower-priced homesites more consistent with market demand.
Land and property revenues are generated from the sale of developed and undeveloped residential or commercial land tracts, as well as the sale of equity memberships in the clubs within the Partnership's Boca Raton, Florida Community, as well as its Communities near Jacksonville, Florida and Highlands, North Carolina. Revenues from land and property sales increased for the year ended December 31, 1993 primarily as a result of the sale of the remaining real estate and equity memberships at the Partnership's Oaks Community. See further discussion regarding this transaction in Liquidity and Capital Resources, above. In addition, the Partnership closed on the sale of the Oak Bridge Club near Jacksonville, Florida to an unaffiliated third-party purchaser in October 1993. The sale of this club also contributed to the increase in land and property revenues for 1993 as compared to 1992. The increase in the gross operating profit from land and property sales in 1993 as compared to 1992 is due primarily to the recognition of deferred revenues in 1993 for sales, primarily at Broken Sound and Weston, which previously did not meet the criteria for revenue recognition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). This increase was partially offset, however, by the sale of the remaining real estate and equity memberships at the Partnership's Oaks Community. Certain sales transactions which closed in previous periods but did n