he purchase price of equipment acquired by the Partnership, or equipment leased to customers
Page 20 of 36
PHOENIX LEASING CASH DISTRIBUTION FUND II
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
DECEMBER 31, 1993
Note 1. Organization and Partnership Matters (continued).
by manufacturers, the financing for which is provided by the Partnership, or (b) financing provided to businesses such as cable operators, emerging growth companies, or security monitoring system companies, payable upon such acquisition or financing, as the case may be. As of December 31, 1993, $6,872,000 had been paid or accrued to the General Partner for its acquisition fee. Acquisition fees are amortized over the life of the assets principally on a straight-line basis.
Phoenix Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the General Partner, has contracted with or employs certain persons who have performed wholesaling activities in connection with the offering of the units through broker-dealers. As of December 31, 1993, $1,336,000 has been paid or accrued to Phoenix Securities, Inc.
Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.
Leasing Operations. The Partnership's leasing operations consist of both financing and operating leases. The financing method of accounting for leases records as unearned income at the inception of the lease, the excess of net rentals receivable and estimated residual value at the end of the lease term, over the cost of equipment leased. Unearned income is credited to income monthly over the term of the lease on a declining basis to provide an approximate level rate of return on the unrecovered cost of the investment. Initial direct costs of consummating new leases are capitalized and included in the cost of equipment.
Under the operating method of accounting for leases, the leased equipment is recorded as an asset at cost and depreciated primarily on an accelerated depreciation method over the estimated useful life of six years, except for equipment leased under vendor agreements,