e of receiving and shipping bulk liquids by ship, rail, barge and truck. Many of the terminals are also linked with major interstate pipelines. In addition to storing, handling and transferring bulk liquids, Terminals provides blending and testing services at most of its facilities. Terminals also owns or holds interests in four refined product pipeline systems. As of December 31, 1993, Terminals owned and operated 27 terminals in 14 states, nine of which are associated with Terminals' pipeline interests, and eight facilities in the United Kingdom; Terminals also had joint venture interests in 12 international facilities.
As of December 31, 1993, Terminals had a total storage capacity of 71 million barrels. This includes 53 million barrels of bulk liquid storage capacity in the United States, 6 million barrels in the United Kingdom, and an equity interest in another 12 million barrels of storage capacity in Europe and the Far East. Terminals' smallest bulk liquid facility has a storage capacity of 100,000 barrels while its largest facility, located in Pasadena, Texas, has a capacity of over 12 million barrels. During 1993, Terminals handled approximately 635 million barrels of product through its wholly-owned bulk liquid storage facilities, with capacity utilization of 92% at the end of 1993.
For 1993, 77% of Terminals' revenue was derived from petroleum products and 20% from a variety of chemical products. Demand for Terminals' facilities is dependent in part upon demand for petroleum and chemical products and is also affected by refinery output, foreign imports, and the expansion of its customers into new geographical markets.
Terminals serves nearly 200 customers, including major oil and chemical companies as well as trading firms and larger independent refiners. No single customer accounts for more than 7% of Terminals' revenue. Customer service contracts are both short term and long term.
Terminals along with two Dutch companies, Paktank N.V. and Van Ommeren N.