ter the later of the Completion Dates (as revised pursuant to this Agreement, if appropriate) save in respect of claims made prior to such expiry date, such claims to be pursued with reasonable expedition.
2.3 Murphy shall not be obligated under the undertaking contained in clause 2.1 above for the failure of LL&E to complete the sale and purchase under the LL&E Agreement, save and to the extent that such failure is caused or contributed to by a breach by Murphy of its obligations under clause 6.4 below.
2.4 LL&E shall not be obligated under the undertaking contained in clause 2.1 above for the failure of Murphy to complete the sale and purchase under the Murphy Agreement, save and to the extent that such failure is caused or contributed to by a breach by LL&E of its obligations under clause 6.4 below.
3. SPA
3.1 The SPA shall not be terminated by the execution of this Agreement but shall be suspended and it shall remain suspended until either (a) the Seller is to enforce its rights under the SPA in accordance with clause 6.2.1, 6.2.2 or 6.3.1 below (whereupon it shall come into full force and effect again) or (b) Completion (except a Completion which is deemed not to have occurred pursuant to the provisions of clause 6 below) occurs of either the LL&E Agreement or the Murphy Agreement (whereupon the SPA shall terminate automatically). Neither the Seller nor LL&E shall have any obligations to each other or to any other person under the SPA while it so suspended.
3.2 During such period as the SPA is not in full force and effect (being when it is either suspended or terminated the provisions of Parts 1 and 2 of the Schedule hereto shall apply as agreements in place of the SPA as provided in clauses 4 and 5 below.
4. LL&E Agreement
In respect of the sale to LL&E there shall be in effect an agreement on the terms as set out in Part 1 of the Schedule hereto, and the provisions applying to that Schedule shall be called the "LL&E Agreement".
5. Murphy Agreement
In respect 