of $50 million for the write- down of its interest in a Canadian partnership and various assets that were shut down or sold.
In 1991, the company recorded several write-downs of assets. Pretax charges to earnings included $73 million for the Los Angeles Refinery due to the suspension of the hydrotreater project as a result of the company's purchase of a major portion of the Shell Oil Company's refinery in Carson, California. Also included were $25 million for nitric acid and urea ammonium nitrate manufacturing plants in West Sacramento, California, due to the reduction in scope of an expansion project, and $8 million for certain mineral assets.
NOTE 4 - DISPOSITIONS OF ASSETS
In 1993, the sale of the company's geothermal assets in the Imperial Valley of California and other geothermal exploration leases resulted in a $40 million pretax gain on proceeds of $218 million. An $11 million pretax gain on proceeds of $172 million was recorded from the sale of the company's national auto/truckstop system. In addition, various oil and gas properties were sold which generated total proceeds of $106 million with a pretax gain of $42 million. The company also sold its retail agricultural businesses with a pretax loss of $1 million on proceeds of $31 million.
In 1992, the company recorded a pretax loss of $1 million on the sales of its retail chemical distribution and polymer businesses, and Southeast marketing terminals. The total proceeds from the sales of these businesses, net of certain related costs, were approximately $250 million. In addition, the company realized a pretax gain of $53 million and proceeds of approximately $158 million from the sale of various oil and gas properties in North America and the Netherlands.
NOTE 5 - CASH FLOW INFORMATION
The company considers cash equivalents to be all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less. All income taxes paid are included in determining cash flows from operating activities. As a result,