Item 1. BUSINESS
General
Dover Corporation ("Dover" or the "Company") was originally incorporated in 1947 in the State of Delaware and commenced operations as a public company in 1954 with four operating divisions, engaged primarily in the manufacture of metal fabricated industrial products. Primarily through acquisitions, the Company has grown to encompass over 60 different businesses which fabricate, install and service elevators, and manufacture a broad range of specialized industrial products and electronic components and sophisticated manufacturing equipment. The primary criteria for Dover operating companies is that they strive to be the market leader in their respective market, meeting customer needs with superior products and services with appropriate increased compensation, while achieving long-term earnings growth, high cash flow and superior return on stockholders' equity.
The Company's businesses are divided into five business segments. Dover Elevator manufacturers, sells, installs and services elevators primarily in North America. Dover Resources manufactures products primarily to serve the automotive, fuel handling and service and petroleum industries. Dover Industries makes products for use in the waste handling, bulk transport, automotive service, commercial food service and machine tool industries. Dover Technologies builds primarily sophisticated automated electronic assembly equipment and to a lesser degree specialized electronic components. Dover Diversified builds heat transfer equipment, larger power generation, sophisticated assembly and production machines, as well as sophisticated products and control systems for use in the defense, aerospace and commercial building industries. Dover sells its products and services both directly and through various distributors, sales and commission agents and manufacturers representatives, in all cases consistent generally with the custom of the industry and market being served. For more information on thes