stries Inc.
We have audited the consolidated balance sheet of Thomas Industries Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for the year then ended as listed in the accompanying index. In connection with our audit of the 1993 consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the 1993 financial statement schedules as listed in the accompanying index. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these 1993 consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the 1993 consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Thomas Industries Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related 1993 financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Co