ers advance unequal funds to the venture. As a result of this transaction, the Partnership has changed from the equity method of accounting to the consolidated method of accounting for the joint venture effective January 1, 1992. The consolidation and the issuance of the Notes described above yielded an increase in the Partnership's total assets of approximately $12.1 million.
The Coto de Caza joint venture had utilized the maximum amount available under its operating line of credit and had been seeking alternative financing sources to fund the significant additional cash necessary to continue development of the project and to fund the venture's other operating costs. In the interim, the Partnership and its joint venture partner had each advanced, net of reimbursements, approximately $3.1 million to the venture during 1991 and an additional $1.0 million during the first five months of 1992. Interest earned, at 10% per annum, during 1991 had been paid in full as of December 31, 1991. Interest earned during 1993 and 1992 totalling approximately $803,000 was unpaid as of December 31, 1993. Due to the reallocation of the Partnership's interest in the Coto de Caza joint venture effective September 15, 1992, the Partnership has provided an allowance for doubtful accounts with regard to the interest earned and unpaid at December 31, 1993 on advances previously made by the Partnership. Given the weak market conditions in Orange County, California and the continued lack of development financing available from traditional lending sources, it was unlikely that the joint venture would be able to secure additional financing in the near term. The joint venture partner was willing to continue to advance funds to meet the venture's operating needs. Given the finite amount of available capital, the Partnership determined that it was in its best long- term interest to utilize that capital for the development of its other properties rather than commit additional funds for the developm