as entered into agreements for the operation and management of the properties. Such agreements are summarized as follows:
At acquisition, management of the 9701 Wilshire Building and the Springbrook Shopping Center was assumed by affiliates of the Corporate General Partner.
For a fee computed as a percentage of rental income, an affiliate of the Corporate General Partner assumed management of the 21900 Burbank Boulevard Building, the 260 Franklin Street Building, the Woodland Hills Apartments, the Villa Solana Apartments, the RiverEdge Place Building and Village Northeast Apartments in January 1988, May 1988, September 1989, December 1989, September 1992 and August 1993, respectively.
The Partnership has also entered into agreements with certain joint venture partners or affiliates of the joint venture partners for the operation and management of properties owned by Eastridge, 160 Spear, Park, Boatmen's, Cal Plaza and VNE Partners. Certain of these agreements have been terminated. Reference is made to note 3(b). Such agreements generally provided for initial terms during which the managers or their affiliates pay all expenses of the properties and retain the excess, if any, of the cash revenues from operations over costs and expenses, as defined (including debt service requirements), as a management fee. Upon termination of the agreements, the properties are expected to be managed by an affiliate of the Corporate General Partner.
In February 1991, management of the Woodland Hills Apartments was reassumed by the seller of this property (see notes 2(f) and 4(c)). CARLYLE REAL ESTATE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - XV
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
(7) SALE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
(a) Erie-McClurg Parking Facility
On September 25, 1992, the Partnership, through Erie-McClurg Associates, sold the Erie-McClurg Parking Facility located in Chicago, Illinois. The sale price was $18,700,000 (before selling costs and prorations), all of which was paid in cash at