ed States dollars, thereby eliminating short term risks attendant to foreign currency fluctuations.
Retail Operations - -----------------
As of December 3, 1993, the Company operated 135 Stride Rite Bootery stores, 52 leased children's shoe departments in leading department stores, one retail store for KEDS(R) brand products and two manufacturers' outlet stores for STRIDE RITE(R), KEDS(R) and SPERRY TOP-SIDER(R) brand products. The product and merchandising formats of the Stride Rite Bootery stores are utilized in the 52 leased children's shoe departments which the Company operates in certain Macy's, Jordan Marsh, Abraham & Straus and Rich's department stores. The Stride Rite Bootery stores carry a complete line of the Company's STRIDE RITE(R) children's footwear and a portion of the KEDS(R) children's product line. The Keds store, in the Mall of America in Minneapolis, Minnesota, carries a complete line of KEDS(R) products. The stores are located primarily in larger regional shopping malls, clustered generally in the major marketing areas of the United States. The manufacturers' outlet stores are located in malls consisting only of outlet stores.
During the 1993 fiscal year, the Company opened 10 Stride Rite Bootery stores, 12 leased departments, the Keds store and one manufacturers' outlet store. During 1993, the Company closed six booteries and one leased department. In addition during this period, one bootery was closed by the Company and subsequently sold to an independent dealer. The Company currently plans to open approximately 10 retail stores during fiscal 1994 and close or sell approximately five Stride Rite retail stores during fiscal 1994.
Sales through the Company's retail operations accounted for approximately 12% of consolidated net sales for the fiscal year ended December 3, 1993.
Apparel Licensing Activities - ----------------------------
The Company has a license agreement under which hosiery for men, women and children is marketed under the KEDS(R