on, the magnitude of such changes varies. The possible effect of fluctuating interest rates is discussed more fully under BankAtlantic's section of managements discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations entitled "Interest Rate Sensitivity". BFC does not believe that inflation has had any material impact on the Company, however, economic conditions generally have had an adverse effect on the values and operations of its real estate assets.
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Independent Auditors' Report
Financial Statements:
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition - December 31, 1993 and
Consolidated Statements of Operations - For each of the Years in the Three Year Period ended December 31, 1993
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) - For each of the Years in the Three Year Period ended December 31, 1993
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For each of the Years in the Three Year Period ended December 31, 1993
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Independent Auditors' Report
The Board of Directors BFC Financial Corporation:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of BFC Financial Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 1993. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial stateme