p's properties and the working capital reserve established for the properties. The Partnership may incur mortgage indebtedness relating to such properties by borrowing funds primarily to fund capital improvements or to obtain financing proceeds for distribution to the partners.
Distributions for the year ended December 31, 1993, represent net cash flow from operations of the Partnership's properties and interest earned on the temporary investment of working capital, reduced by current year capital reserve requirements. Future cash distributions will be made principally to the extent of cash flow attributable to the operations of the Partnership's properties after capital reserve requirements. See Item 5 for a description of the Partnership's distribution history.
Certain of the Partnership's properties are not fully leased. The Partnership is actively marketing the vacant space in these properties, subject to the competitive environment in each of the market areas. To the extent the Partnership is not successful in maintaining or increasing occupancy levels at these properties, the Partnership's future cash flow and distributions may be reduced.
On June 24, 1993, the Partnership completed its solicitation of written consents from its Limited Partners. A majority in interest of the Partnership's Limited Partners approved each of the proposals contained in the Information Statement, dated May 5, 1993. Those proposals have been implemented by amending the Partnership Agreement as contemplated by the Information Statement. The amendments include, among other things, the future payment of asset management and leasing fees to the General Partner and the elimination of the General Partner's residual interest and deferred leasing fees that were previously subordinated to return of the Limited Partners' 9% Preferential Return. See Item 8, Note 4 to the financial statements for discussion of fees paid to the General Partner for the year ended December 31, 1993.
DAMSON/BIRTCHE