rtgage insurance premiums as they become due.
Mortgage loans funded by St. Paul Federal include a "due-on-sale" clause, which is a provision giving the Bank the right to declare a loan immediately due and payable in the event, among other things, that the borrower sells or otherwise disposes of the real property subject to the mortgage and the loan is not repaid. Due-on-sale clauses are an important means of speeding the repayment of low interest-rate loans in high interest-rate environments. It is St. Paul Federal's policy to actively enforce such clauses. The average life of the Bank's one-to-four family loans varies from year to year with changes in interest rates but has generally ranged from six to nine years.
The Bank also accesses the secondary market to purchase 1-4 family mortgage loans to supplement its loan originations. Under the Bank's 1-4 family loan acquisition program, St. Paul Federal emphasizes adjustable rate, first mortgages that are also owner occupied. The Bank reviews the reputation of each of the sellers, and servicers if applicable, and generally uses sampling methods to evaluate the quality of the seller's underwriting. In addition, depending on the representations and warranties obtained and other factors, the Bank may review each loan presented in a pool prior to purchase. The Bank only purchases whole loans that meet its established underwriting and pricing requirements. Purchases of 1-4 family mortgage loans have been minimal in recent years. See Management's Discussion and Analysis - "Credit" contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
Multi-Family and Commercial Real Estate Loans. At December 31,1993, the Bank had approximately $1.14 billion in multi-family commercial real-estate and land loans outstanding, constituting 48.5% of the Bank's loan portfolio, which were originated through a "Nationwide" lending program.(a) Of this amount, $1.06
- -------------------------------
(a) The Bank also origina