h the City of Caruthersville, Missouri, to operate a casino riverboat there, and an application was filed with the Missouri Gaming Commission for a gaming license to operate the Caruthersville facility. In January 1994, the company took delivery of a vessel and began renovation with the intent for it to be used in Caruthersville. On another front, a proposal was submitted to the City of Evansville, Indiana, for a casino riverboat there and an application was filed for a riverboat gaming license with the Indiana Gaming Commission. In the event that the company is granted approval by the applicable jurisdictions to proceed with one or both of these riverboat projects, financing may be required to fund the related capital expenditures. One source of financing could come under the $50 million First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement discussed previously, which provides a structure for an additional borrowing capacity of $25 million for a total of $75 million. Under this
structure, the maximum amount of additional borrowing that could be outstanding would be tied to the cash flows of Ramada Express. Any additional capacity will require additional lenders that may be sought by the agent bank and the company.
COMMITMENTS AND ON-GOING CAPITAL EXPENDITURES At December 30, 1993, the company had commitments of approximately $13 million for the purchase of fixed assets. In 1994, including the remaining expenditures on the Tropicana project, the company plans to spend approximately $33 million on routine capital expenditures at its three land-based properties and the purchase and renovation of the vessel acquired in January. In addition to this, expenditures will be required for the Caruthersville facility; however, the timing of these expenditures is uncertain. We believe that the company's existing credit facilities, along with continuing cash flow from operations and cash balances, will be sufficient to meet any anticipated obligations as well as any working capital and li