ere the Corporation has exposure continued to evidence a steady trend of improvement in 1993. Lower inflation, improving trade balances, and healthy reserve positions to fund trade deficits characterized most of those economies where the Corporation has exposure. Latin American outstandings continue to represent a higher level of risk than other foreign obligations and are identified as the only foreign obligations where balance of payment uncertainties and/or liquidity pressures might adversely impact the timely repayment of debt.
Most of the Corporation's Latin American exposure lies in Mexico where economic indicators demonstrated continued improvement. The bulk of the Mexican exposure is tied to trade facilities extended to key private sector multinationals. Lower inflation, a stable currency, a balanced federal budget, the passage of NAFTA, and continued inflow of foreign funds for both direct and portfolio investment are positive trends mitigated only by the country's continuing trade deficit. The latter is tied largely to capital and intermediate goods imports to finance the modernization of the private sector economy and is believed to be manageable.
ASSET QUALITY
Economic Environment
The economic recession and deteriorating conditions in the commercial real estate market that were prevalent in most of the United States during the past several years had an adverse effect on the Corporation's primary markets in the period 1990 through 1992. These conditions, combined with increased regulatory scrutiny of financial institutions, created a less stable economic and regulatory environment for all financial institutions.
More recently, however, generally improving economic and market conditions have contributed to a reduction in the financial difficulties faced by some of the Corporation's borrowers. Although further deterioration in the commercial real estate and real estate construction markets is possible without a more pronounced pick up in the pace of the eco