during fiscal year ended December 31, 1993".
Recipients of option grants under the SOP will have no voting, dividend or other rights as stockholders with respect to shares of common stock covered by stock options prior to becoming the holders of record of such stock. All stock option grants will permit the exercise price to be paid in cash, by tendering stock or by cashless exercise. The number of shares covered by stock options will be appropriately adjusted in the event of any merger, recapitalization or similar corporate event.
The Board of Directors may at any time terminate the SOP or from time to time make such modifications or amendments to the SOP as it may deem advisable; provided that the Board may not, without the approval of stockholders, increase the maximum number of shares of common stock for which options may be granted under the SOP.
1992 Performance Incentive Plan
As provided in the Plan, the Company adopted the 1992 Performance Incentive Plan (the "PIP") under which stock options covering an additional 330,000 shares of common stock were reserved for grants to one or more other executives, including those newly hired, at the discretion of Mr. David A. Simon. No options have been granted under the PIP.
Mr. Simon will determine the terms of each option grant under the PIP including the purchase price of shares subject to options, the dates on which options become exercisable and the expiration date of each option (which may not exceed six years from the date of grant).
Recipients of stock option grants under the PIP will have no voting, dividend or other rights as stockholders with respect to shares of Common Stock covered by stock options prior to becoming the holders of record of such stock. All stock option grants under the PIP will permit the exercise price to be paid in cash, by tendering stock or by cashless exercise. The number of shares covered by stock options under the PIP will be appropriately adjusted in the event of any merger, recapita