 (PUCO) and the KPSC, filed for rehearing of that order. On January 12, 1994, FERC withdrew its conditional approval of the merger and ordered the setting of FERC-sponsored settlement procedures to be held.
On March 4, 1994, CG&E reached a settlement agreement with the PUCO and the Ohio Office of Consumers' Counsel on merger issues identified by FERC. On March 2, PSI Energy and Indiana's consumer representatives had reached a similar agreement. Both settlement agreements have been filed with FERC. These documents address, among other things, the coordination of state and federal regulation and the commitment that neither CG&E nor PSI electric
base rates, nor CG&E's gas base rates, will rise because of the merger, except to reflect any effects that may result from the divestiture of CG&E's gas operations if ordered by the SEC in accordance with the requirements of PUHCA discussed below.
CG&E also filed with FERC a unilateral offer of settlement addressing all issues raised in the KPSC's application for rehearing with FERC. Although it is the belief of CG&E and PSI that no state utility commissions have jurisdiction over approval of the proposed merger, an application has been filed with the KPSC to comply with the Staff of the KPSC's position that the KPSC's authorization is required for the indirect acquisition of control of Union Light by CINergy. As part of the settlement offer, Union Light will agree not to increase gas base rates as a result of the merger except to reflect any effects that may result from the divestiture of Union Light's gas operations discussed below.
If the settlement agreements filed with FERC are not acceptable, FERC could set issues for hearing. If a hearing is held by FERC, consummation of the merger would likely be extended beyond the third quarter of 1994.
PUHCA imposes restrictions on the operations of registered holding company systems. Among these are requirements that securities issuances, sales and acquisitions of utility assets or 