rties and makes various types of consumer loans, including savings account secured loans and secured and unsecured lines of credit.
Household Credit Services
Household Credit Services is the tradename used for the marketing of bankcards throughout the United States issued by one of the Company's subsidiary national credit card banks, the Bank, or one of the other financial institutions affiliated with Household International. The Company had $8.8 billion of bankcard receivables owned and serviced with limited recourse at December 31, 1993, up from $207 million at year-end 1986. The Company is one of the top 6 issuers of VISA and MasterCard credit cards in the United States.
The Company strives to build its bankcard business by developing strategic alliances with industry leaders to effectively create and market general purpose credit cards to targeted consumers. In accordance with this philosophy, in 1991 the Company established a program with Ameritech Corporation, in 1992 established a program with General Motors Corporation and in 1993 expanded the relationship through an agreement with General Motors to issue the GM Card from Vauxhall in the United Kingdom. Also in 1993 the Company announced an alliance with Charles Schwab & Co. See "1993 Developments." The Company intends to continue to explore other co-branding relationships of this type with various entities.
The Company also seeks to build its bankcard business by selectively purchasing portfolios while managing geographic concentrations. The Company evaluates bankcard acquisitions utilizing criteria related to strategic fit and economic value. To assess strategic fit, the Company considers the following: the composition and behavior of the customer franchise; product pricing compatibility with the Company's pricing strategies; geographic distribution of the customer base; and opportunities to add value through improved portfolio management. To assess economic value, the Company evaluates the risk/return cha