Matters.
The Trust operates as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for federal income tax purposes. Under the REIT provisions the Trust is required to distribute 95% of REIT taxable income and is allowed a deduction for dividends paid during the year. The Trust made distributions in 1993, 1992 and 1991, which were all years in which the Trust incurred a taxable loss. Accordingly, no provision for income taxes has been reflected in the financial statements.
For the year ended December 31, 1993 the Trust has adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("FAS") No. 109, Accounting For Income Taxes. Since, as discussed above, no tax provision is necessary, the adoption of FAS No. 109 does not affect the Trust's results from operations or financial position in the current or prior years.
The Trust has a net operating loss carryforward from 1993 and prior years of approximately $22,700,000. The losses may be carried forward for up to 15 years. The present losses will expire beginning in the year 2004. Management intends to operate the Trust in such a manner as to continue to qualify as a REIT and to continue to distribute cash flow in excess of taxable income. Therefore, no tax benefit related to the potential utilization of the net operating loss has been reflected in the financial statements.
Earnings and profits, which will determine the taxability of dividends to shareholders, will differ from that reported for financial reporting purposes due primarily to differences in the basis of the assets and the estimated useful lives used to compute depreciation.
Reclassification.
The Trust has reclassified certain items in the accompanying financial statements in order to (i) present amounts paid directly to the Advisor separately from Trust administration and overhead costs and general and
AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL PROPERTIES REIT
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
administrative costs related to property operations, (ii) separately present accrued interest on