ed rates, allowances for FAS No. 106 costs of company employees when determined on an accrual basis, provided certain conditions are met.
On November 1, 1993, ANR Pipeline filed a general rate increase with the FERC. The proposed rates reflect a $121 million increase in ANR Pipeline's cost of service from that approved in the Interim Settlement and a $218 million increase over ANR Pipeline's approved rates for its restructured services. The increase represents higher plant investment, Order 636 restructuring costs, rate of return and tax rate changes and increased costs related to the required adoption of recent accounting rule changes, i.e., FAS Nos. 106 and 112. (See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of FAS Nos. 106 and 112.) The FERC has permitted ANR Pipeline to place its new rates into effect on May 1, 1994, subject to refund and subject to certain required compliance changes and the outcome of an evidentiary hearing on all remaining issues.
COLORADO. Under the NGA, Colorado continues to be required to file with the FERC to establish or adjust certain of its service rates. The FERC may also initiate proceedings to determine whether Colorado's rates are "just and reasonable".
On March 31, 1993, Colorado filed at FERC to increase its rates by approximately $26.5 million annually. Such rates (adjusted to reflect Colorado's Order 636 program) became effective subject to refund on October 1, 1993.
WIC. WIC settled a rate case with the FERC, as principal payments and associated interest of $68.1 million were paid to WIC's shippers on October 8, 1991, exclusive of amounts which are being held until the resolution of pending bankruptcy proceedings involving its customer, Columbia Gas Transmission Corporation, which is currently pending before the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. Should such refunds be required, there would be no effect on the results of operations as accruals have been previously established.
