ember 1985, and its connecting transmission facilities. AGC's 840-megawatt (MW) share of capacity of the station is sold to its three parents. The remaining 60% interest in the Bath County Station is owned by Virginia Electric and Power Company (Virginia Power).
APS has no employees. Its officers are employed by Allegheny Power Service Corporation (APSC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of APS. On December 31, 1993, the Subsidiaries and APSC had 6,025 employees.
The Subsidiaries in the past have experienced and in the future may experience some of the more significant problems common to electric utilities in general. These include increases in operating and other expenses, difficulties in obtaining adequate and timely rate relief, restrictions on construction and operation of facilities due to regulatory requirements and environmental and health considerations, including the requirements of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 (CAAA), which among other things, require a substantial annual reduction in utility emissions of sulfur dioxides and nitrogen oxides.
Additional concerns include proposals to restructure and, to some extent, deregulate portions of the industry and increase competition, particularly as a result of the National Energy Policy Act of 1992 (EPACT). EPACT may increase competition by allowing the formation of Exempt Wholesale Generators (EWGs), with the approval of the FERC, and providing mandatory access to the interconnected electric grid for wholesale transactions. It further provides for expansion of the grid where constraints are determined to exist - at the expense of the requestor of such transmission service and provided necessary authority to construct such facilities can be obtained. EPACT permits utility generation facilities to qualify as EWGs and allows sales to nonaffiliated and to affiliated utilities provided state commissions approve such transactions. (See ITEM 1. SALES, ELECTRIC FACILITIES and REGULATION for a further discussion of the i