 As such, Entergy Corporation and its various direct and indirect subsidiaries (with the exception of its independent power/EWG subsidiaries) are subject to the broad regulatory provisions of that Act. Except with respect to investments in certain EWG projects and foreign utility company projects (see "Business of Entergy - Competition - General," above for a discussion of the Energy Act), Section 11(b)(1) of the Holding Company Act limits the operations of a registered holding company system to a single, integrated public utility system, plus additional systems and businesses as provided by that section.
Federal Power Act. The System operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy Power are subject to the Federal Power Act as administered by FERC and the DOE. The Federal Power Act provides for regulatory jurisdiction over the licensing of certain hydroelectric projects, the business of, and facilities for, the transmission and sale at wholesale of electric energy in interstate commerce and certain other activities of the System operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy Power as interstate electric utilities, including accounting policies and practices. Such regulation includes jurisdiction over the rates charged by System Energy for capacity and energy provided to AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI, or others, from Grand Gulf 1.
AP&L holds a license for two hydroelectric projects (70 MW) that was renewed on July 2, 1980. This license, granted by FERC, will expire in February 2003.
Regulation of the Nuclear Power Industry
General. Under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 and Energy Reorganization Act of 1974, operation of nuclear plants is intensively regulated by the NRC, which has broad power to impose licensing and safety-related requirements. In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. AP&L, GSU, LP&L, and System Ene