ers Water Subsidiaries have surveillance programs in place to provide early warning of a possible contamination threat to their water supplies from volatile organics and other potential contaminants. Each of the Consumers Water Subsidiaries has adopted contingency plans to respond to such contamination, should it occur.
In 1992, Inter-State executed a Consent Decree with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency to comply with the MCL for nitrates by 1997 and to take additional interim steps to address the problem. Inter-State will be required to add treatment facilities and/or new sources of supply to reduce the level of nitrates in its finished water at certain times of the year for an estimated project cost of $5 million.
A small satellite system owned by Consumers Illinois Water Company has identified an organic contaminant in its groundwater supply. The problem can be resolved by interconnecting the system to the core system at a cost of approximately $1 million. It is felt costs associated with this problem will be recovered from a third party.
A contractor working at the Lake Erie West water treatment facility, which is operated by Ohio Water, caused the release of a relatively small amount of mercury within a building at the facility. Workers tracked the mercury to various areas of the building, necessitating the clean-up of a relatively large area in and around the building at a cost of approximately $900,000. Clean-up has been completed and Ohio Water is looking to the responsible parties for reimbursement of its costs. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources."
The Consumers Water Subsidiaries own 12 major dams that are subject to the requirements of the Federal Dam Safety Act of 1986. The dams normally undergo a comprehensive engineering evaluation annually. The Company believes the dams are structurally sound and well maintained. One of the dams owned by Ohio Water w