rticipated in the financing of six aircraft which were returned by America West in December 1992. Five of the aircraft are on lease to a new customer and the sixth will be sold, subject to partial financing, in early 1994. During 1993, the Company and America West entered into an agreement whereby the Company settled its bankruptcy claims against America West in exchange for America West airline passenger tickets. The Company continues to market these tickets.
As part of a reorganization plan, on November 30, 1992, PWA Corporation ("PWA") ceased making payments to all of its creditors. Time Air, Inc. ("Time Air"), a subsidiary of PWA, became delinquent in December 1992 under its financing of a commuter aircraft which as of December 31, 1993, had a net carrying value of $5.7 million. The Company has agreed to a deferral of certain payments with Time Air, which agreement was amended in February 1994 to lengthen the deferral.
The Company has not suffered a material adverse effect upon its financial condition as a result of the above-mentioned bankruptcies. In addition, the Company historically has not been materially adversely affected by bankruptcies involving its commercial aircraft customers because of the collateral value of the aircraft and, to a lesser extent, MDC guaranties obtained in connection with certain of the financings. However, should one or more of the Company's major airline customers encounter financial difficulties and liquidate its fleet, the large number of aircraft which would be added to the already saturated market would make it difficult for the Company to realize the carrying value of the aircraft leased to such airline(s).
In March 1994, the Company reached an agreement in principle with an airline leasing an aircraft with a December 31, 1993 carrying amount of $23.0 million who had become delinquent on its lease payments. Pursuant to the agreement in principle , the term of the lease was extended and the payment schedule was adjusted.
- - -