ll.
In 1993 the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) concluded a site assessment of the Portland Steel Mill. The review concluded with ranking the facility as a medium/low corrective action priority for identified Solid Waste Management Units. The Company intends to proceed with an internal corrective action schedule. This schedule will include making portions of the Company's property useable for future development. Cost of these corrective action improvements is estimated at $1.5 million. The Portland Steel Mill received a renewed air discharge permit in 1993 which will require additional monitoring and reporting obligations. Some enhancements to pollution control equipment may be required. The full scope of these expenditures, however, has yet to be determined but is not believed to be material.
The property and building at which the Fontana Plate Mill is located are leased to the Company (see "Properties"). The Fontana Plate Mill was formerly part of a larger integrated steel plant (the "Mill") operated on property (the "Mill Property") surrounding the Fontana Plate Mill. Prior to the termination of steel production at the Mill in 1983, the Mill operator produced substances that currently are defined as hazardous by federal and California regulations. Hazardous substances have been detected in the soil and groundwater at a number of specific areas within the Mill Property on the basis of inspections done by the prior operator and by the EPA. The testing program carried out by the prior operator and the EPA at the Mill Property has not included sampling at the Fontana Plate Mill site. On the basis of limited testing on behalf of the Company at the Fontana Plate Mill site, the levels of hazardous substances in the subsurface soils and groundwater at the Fontana Plate Mill site appear to be within permissible limits, although there can be no absolute assurance that this is, in fact, the case. The successor to the former operator of the Mill currently is carrying o