 net loss.
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
Assets and liabilities of the Company's operations located outside the United States (primarily Canada) are translated at prevailing year-end rates of exchange. Related income and expense accounts are translated at weighted average rates for each year. Gains and losses resulting from the translation of financial statements in foreign currencies into U. S. dollars are recorded in the equity section of the consolidated balance sheet. Gains and losses resulting from the impact of changes in exchange rates on transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in the determination of net loss for each period. Foreign exchange losses included in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for each of the years ended October 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 were ($550,000), ($769,000) and ($49,000), respectively.
NET SERVICE REVENUE
Net service revenue consists primarily of net patient service revenue, which is based on the HGA hospitals' established billing rates less allowances and discounts principally for patients covered by Medicare, Medicaid, Blue Cross and other contractual programs. Payments under these programs are based on either predetermined rates or the cost of services. Settlements for retrospectively determined rates are estimated in the period the related services are rendered and are adjusted in future periods as final settlements are determined. Management believes that adequate provision has been made for adjustments that may result from final determination of amounts earned under these programs. Approximately 38% and 41%, respectively, of 1993 and 1992 net service revenues are from participation of hospitals in Medicare and Medicaid programs and Blue Cross.
With respect to net service revenue, receivables from government programs and Blue Cross represent the only concentrated group of credit risk for the Company, and management does not believe that there are any credit risks associated with these governmen