he associated NS liability. Environmental engineers perform ongoing analyses of all identified sites, and--after consulting with counsel--any necessary adjustments to initial liability estimates are recorded. NS also has established an Environmental Policy Council, composed of senior managers, to prescribe and direct its environmental initiatives.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
16. Contingencies (continued)
Estimates of a company's potential financial exposure even for known environmental claims or incidents are necessarily imprecise because of the widely varying costs of available remediation techniques, the difficulty of determining in advance the nature and extent of contamination and each potential participant's share of an estimated loss, and evolving statutory and regulatory standards governing liability. The risk of incurring environmental liability--for acts and omissions, both past and current--is inherent in railroad operations. Moreover, some of the commodities, particularly those classified as hazardous materials, in NS' traffic mix can pose special risks that NS and its subsidiaries work diligently to minimize. In addition, several NS subsidiaries have land holdings that may be leased (and operated by others) or held for sale. Because certain conditions may exist on these properties for which NS ultimately may bear some financial responsibility, there can be no assurance that NS will not incur liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which, to a single accounting period or in the aggregate, cannot be estimated reliably now, related to environmental problems that are latent or undiscovered. However, based on its assessments of the facts and circumstances now known and after consulting with its legal counsel, Management believes that it has recorded appropriate estimates of liability for those environmental matters of which the Corporation is aware.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
The Stock