7, 1993, thereby concluding this proceeding.
In October 1990, the PUC ordered Pennsylvania's major electric utilities, including West Penn, to file programs for demand-side management designed to reduce customer demand for electricity and to reduce the need for additional generating capacity. The PUC's order proposed that the affected utilities receive full recovery of the costs of approved programs, as well as financial incentives for implementing such programs, including recovery of lost revenues. West Penn filed its proposed programs with the PUC. On December 13, 1993, the PUC entered an order which provides for the recovery of program costs either through a surcharge or deferral to a base rate case; the recovery of revenues lost due to the implementation of demand-side management programs through a base rate case; and the award of incentives for good program performance or the assessment of penalties for poor performance. Two parties to this proceeding have petitioned the PUC for reconsideration and clarification and the Pennsylvania Industrial Energy Coalition has filed an appeal with the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania. West Penn cannot predict the final outcome of this proceeding.
- 31 -
During 1993, Potomac Edison continued its participation in the Collaborative Process for demand- side management in Maryland with the Maryland PSC Staff, Office of People's Counsel, the Department of Natural Resources, Maryland Energy Administration, and Potomac Edison's largest industrial customer. Potomac Edison received the Maryland PSC's approval to implement a Commercial and Industrial Lighting Rebate Program as of July 1, 1993. Through December 31, 1993 Potomac Edison had received applications for $7.5 million in rebates related to the commercial lighting program. Program costs, including rebates and lost revenues, are deferred and are to be recovered through an energy conservation surcharge over a five-year period.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Substantially all of t