ri Gaming Commission for a gaming license to operate the Caruthersville facility. In January 1994, the Company took delivery of a vessel and began renovation with the intent for it to be used in Caruthersville. The Company hopes to begin operations in Caruthersville in 1994. However, the timing of this is dependent on several factors that are beyond the Company's control. One of these factors is the granting of a gaming license by the Missouri Gaming Commission. Another possible factor is a ruling by the Missouri Supreme Court holding unconstitutional some portions of the Missouri gaming law. A statewide election to amend the constitution was scheduled to be held April 5, 1994.
During 1993, a proposal was submitted to the City of Evansville, Indiana, for a casino riverboat there and an application was filed for a riverboat gaming license with the Indiana Gaming Commission. In 1994, the Company plans to continue to explore opportunities in new jurisdictions as they become interested in gaming.
The TropWorld complex encompasses 10 acres and has 220 yards of ocean beach frontage along the Boardwalk in Atlantic City. In July 1993, the TropWorld building became wholly-owned by the Company upon the acquisition by the Company of the partnership interests in Ambassador Real Estate Investors, L.P. ("AREI") and Ambassador General Partnership ("AGP"). AREI owned a 99.9 percent general partnership interest in AGP, which acquired a
substantial interest in TropWorld in a sale-leaseback transaction in 1984. TropWorld's 92,191 square foot casino (the second largest in Atlantic City) contains 2,780 slot machines, including a wide variety of progressive jackpot machines and video poker machines, and contains 95 table games, including blackjack, craps, roulette, baccarat, pai gow poker, big six, sic bo and red dog. The TropWorld complex contains 1,020 hotel rooms, 80,000 square feet of meeting, convention and banquet space, a 1,700 seat theatrical showroom, the largest in Atlantic Cit