verage.
The Executive shall also be entitled to participate in all of the various employee benefit plans which the Company maintains and/or adopts during the Employment Period, including a defined benefit Retirement Plan and various elective programs, including, without limitation, a dental insurance plan (effective as of the beginning of the Employment Period), Employee Stock Purchase Plan and Employee Savings and Investment Plan (pursuant to Section 401K of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), subject to their respective terms and requirements, including, without limitation, their eligibility and vesting requirements. The Executive shall be enrolled in all of these plans as of December 13, 1993.
Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Company from amending or terminating any employee benefit plan or practice, but it is the intent of the parties that the Executive shall continue to be entitled during the Employment Period to benefits at least equal in the aggregate to those attached to his position as of the date of this Agreement.
8. Residence Requirement. The Executive agrees that by May 1, 1994 the --------------------- Executive will establish residence for himself and his family in the greater Boston (Massachusetts) area and that the Executive shall maintain such residence throughout his continued employment by the Company.
9. Relocation Expenses. The Company agrees to pay for (i) the broker's ------------------- commission and closing costs incurred by the Executive with respect to the sale of his principal residence in San Rafael to the extent the amount of such fees and costs are customary in such community and are customarily borne by the Seller. The Executive shall obtain two appraisals of the value of his current California residence during the month of December, 1993. If the Executive sells such residence before March 10, 1994 for a price less than the average of such two appraised values, the Company shall immediately pay to the Executi