 by Lender promptly into the Cash Collateral Disbursement Account to be treated as Cash Collateral and applied in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3 of this Agreement. Borrower hereby grants to Lender a security interest in Borrower's interest, if any, in the Security Deposits Account and this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement upon said account. On demand, Borrower agrees to execute and deliver to Lender and hereby authorizes Lender to execute in the name of Borrower to the extent Lender may lawfully do so, financing statements, chattel mortgages or comparable security instruments as may be requested or required by Lender to perfect its security interest in the Security Deposits Account and Borrower's interest in the monies held in the Security Deposits Account. The foregoing provisions shall not constitute a waiver of any claim Lender may have against Borrower or Manager, if any, by reason of any misapplication and/or misrepresentation by Borrower, Manager or their respective agents or employees of security deposits and Borrower and Manager hereby indemnify and hold Lender harmless from and against any loss, liability, damage or expense in connection with any such misapplication and/or misrepresentation by Borrower, Manager or their respective agents or employees.
8. Leases. Borrower has delivered to Lender original or certified copies (as amended and modified) of (i) all Leases and (ii) all other contracts and agreements which currently affect the use, operation, maintenance or occupancy of the Property. Manager, for itself and its agents and employees, shall agree at all times to maintain, operate and endeavor to lease-up the Property in a professional and diligent manner.
9. No Waiver. Upon the occurrence of the Termination Date and subject to the provisions of the last sentence of subparagraph 6(a) of this Agreement, Lender expressly reserves the right to withdraw and apply all monies contained in the Cash Collateral Disbursement Accoun