 pay higher fees to governmental agencies, as a result of the new law and future state laws regulating air emissions. In addition, the monitoring and reporting requirements of the new law will subject all air emissions to increased regulatory scrutiny.
The Company's future expenditures for installation of environmental control facilities, remediation of environmental conditions existing at its properties and other similar matters are difficult to predict. Environmental legislation and regulations and related administrative policies, have changed rapidly in recent years. It is likely that the Company will be subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future (including those under the Clean Water Act Amendments of 1990 stormwater permit program, and toxic use reduction programs), and will be required to make additional expenditures, which could be significant, relating to environmental matters on an ongoing basis.
EMPLOYEES
As of December 31, 1993, the Company had 3,060 full-time employees. At the Pueblo Steel Mill, 1,360 employees work under a collective bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers of America. The contract was negotiated in March of 1993 and will expire in September of 1997. The remainder of the Company's domestic employees, approximately 1,450, are paid on a salary basis and are not represented by a union. Approximately 225 employees of the Camrose Facility are members of the Canadian Autoworkers Union. The contract was renegotiated in January of 1994 and expires on January 31, 1997. The Company believes it has a good relationship with its employees.
The domestic employees of the Oregon Steel Division participate in an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") program. The ESOP currently owns 14% of the Company's Common Stock. Stock is contributed to the ESOP, as decided annually by the Board of Directors. The Company also has a profit participation plan for its domestic employees which permits eligible employees to share in 