ent Benefits Other Than Pensions" (SFAS 106), and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits" (SFAS 112). SFAS 106 requires NS to accrue the cost of specified health care and death benefits over an employee's active service period rather than, as was the previously prevailing practice, accounting for such expenses on a pay-as-you-go basis. SFAS 112 requires corporations to recognize the cost of benefits payable to former or inactive employees after employment but before retirement on an accrual basis. For NS, such postemployment benefits consist principally of benefit obligations related to participants in the long-term disability plan. NS recognized the effects of these changes in accounting on the immediate recognition basis. The cumulative effects on years prior to 1993 of adopting SFAS 106 and SFAS 112 increased pretax expenses $360.2 million ($223.8 million after-tax), and $31.8 million ($19.7 million after-tax), respectively (see Note 12). The impact on 1993 expenses is not material. The pro forma effects of applying SFAS 106 and SFAS 112 on individual prior years is not presented, as the effect on each separate year also is not material. Also effective January 1, 1993, NS adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" (SFAS 109). SFAS 109 requires a change from the deferred method of accounting for income taxes to the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax laws and tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under SFAS 