y the property. The foreclosure resulted in no loss to the Trust in excess of previously established reserves.
Also in March 1993, the Trust recorded the insubstance foreclosure of the Huntington Green Apartments, an 81 unit apartment complex in West Town, Pennsylvania. The Huntington Green Apartments had an estimated
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
Real Estate (Continued)
fair value (minus estimated costs of sale) of at least $1.8 million at the date of foreclosure. The foreclosure resulted in no loss to the Trust in excess of previously established reserves.
In 1993, the State of Wisconsin commenced eminent domain proceedings to acquire the Pepperkorn Building, located in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, for highway development. The State of Wisconsin's initial offer was $175,000, which is being appealed by the Trust. There is no assurance that the Trust's appeal will be successful or of the amount, if any, of additional compensation that it may receive. However, based on the information presently available, the Trust does not anticipate incurring any losses in excess of previously established reserves.
Mortgage Loans
In addition to real estate, a portion of the Trust's assets consist of mortgage notes, principally secured by income-producing properties including first, wraparound and junior mortgages. The Trust's investment policy is described in ITEM 1. "BUSINESS - Business Plan and Investment Policy."
Types of Properties Subject to Mortgages. The types of properties securing the Trust's mortgage portfolio at December 31, 1993, consisted of office buildings, apartments, shopping centers, single-family residences, a retirement home and developed land. To the extent the Declaration of Trust does not control such matters, the Trust's Board of Trustees may alter the types of mortgages in which the Trust invests without a vote of the Trust's shareholders. In addition to restricting the types of collateral and priority of mortgages, the Declaration of Trust imposes certain restri