------------------
Trial began in May 1992 in a federal income tax refund case that the company filed in July 1989 in the United States Claims Court. The complaint seeks a refund of federal income taxes that the company contends it overpaid in 1977 through 1983. The alleged overpayments are the result of the disallowance of certain timber casualty losses and certain deductions claimed by the company arising from export transactions. The refund sought was approximately $29 million, plus statutory interest from the dates of the alleged overpayments. The company has reached an agreement with the United States Department of Justice to settle the portion of the case relating to export transactions. That settlement has been approved by the Joint Committee on Taxation of the U.S. Congress. The tax refund remaining in dispute is approximately $9 million plus statutory interest from the dates of the alleged overpayments. The court has not entered a decision on the remaining issue.
On March 6, 1992, the company filed a complaint in the Superior Court for King County, Washington against a number of insurance companies. The complaint seeks a declaratory judgment that the insurance companies named as defendants are obligated under the terms and conditions of the policies sold by them to the company to defend the company and to pay, on the company's behalf, certain claims asserted against the company. The claims relate to alleged environmental damage to third-party sites and to some of the company's own property to which allegedly toxic material was delivered or on which allegedly toxic material was placed in the past. Since December 1992, the company has agreed to settlements with six of the defendants. In July 1993, the trial court dismissed fourteen of the thirty-five sites named in the complaint. Appeal of those dismissals was heard by the Washington State Supreme Court on February 22, 1994. Trial on two sites is scheduled for October 1994.
In April 1991, the United States En