he Corporation was monitoring loans totaling $30.9 million not classified as nonaccrual, restructured or past due loans. These loans demonstrate characteristics which may result in classification as such in the future. There were no other interest bearing assets, other than loans, at December 31, 1993 which were classifiable as nonaccrual, restructured, past due or potential problem assets.
PROVISION AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES
The allowance for credit losses (the "Allowance") is created by direct charges against income (provision for credit losses). The amount of the Allowance equals the cumulative total of the provisions made from time to time, reduced by credit charge-offs, and increased by recoveries of credits previously charged off. In addition, the Allowance will increase by the allowance for credit losses of portfolios acquired and will be reduced by the allowance for credit losses associated with portfolios sold.
It is the policy of the Corporation to comply fully with OCC Banking Circular 201 (Revised) and the supplementary Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses released December 21, 1993. The Corporation maintains an Allowance sufficient to absorb all estimated inherent losses in the loan and lease portfolio. Inherent losses are losses that meet the criteria in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5 for recognition of charges to income. This requires the determination that it is probable that an asset has been impaired.
All outstanding loans, leases and legally binding commitments to lend are considered in evaluating the adequacy of the Allowance. In addition, a provision for inherent losses arising from off-balance sheet commitments such as standby letters of credit are included in the Allowance. The Allowance does not provide for inherent losses stemming from uncollectible interest because Corporation policy requires all accrued but unpaid interest to be reversed once a loan is placed on nonaccrual status.