ght believes that the recent inflation rates do not materially affect its results of operations or financial condition. However, under existing regulatory practice, only the historical cost of plant is recoverable from customers. As a result, cash flows designed to provide recovery of historical plant costs may not be adequate to replace plant in future years.
Item 8.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - ------- -------------------------------------------
THE UNION LIGHT, HEAT AND POWER COMPANY --------------------------------------- NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -----------------------------
(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
Union Light follows the Uniform Systems of Accounts prescribed by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), and is subject to the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation". The more significant accounting policies are summarized below:
UTILITY PLANT. Property, plant and equipment is stated at the original cost of construction, which includes payroll and related costs such as taxes, pensions and other fringe benefits, general and administrative costs, and an allowance for funds used during construction.
REVENUES AND PURCHASED GAS AND ELECTRICITY COSTS. Union Light recognizes revenues for gas and electric service rendered during the month, which includes revenue for sales unbilled at the end of each month. Union Light expenses the costs of gas and electricity purchased as recovered through revenues and defers the portion of these costs recoverable or refundable in future periods.
DEPRECIATION AND MAINTENANCE. Union Light determines its provision for depreciation using the straight-line method and by the application of rates to various classes of property, plant and equipment. The rates are based on periodic studies of the estimated service lives and net cost of removal of the properties. The percentages of the annual provisio