tfolio by increasing the level of direct solicitation efforts and by pursuing the purchase of small portfolios as opportunities arise. All delinquent bankcard accounts are charged off when they reach 180 days past due. Also, all accounts held by account holders who become deceased or file bankruptcy are charged off the month that advice of death or bankruptcy is received.
LEASES RECEIVABLE
Leases receivable include retail automobile, small equipment and general equipment leasing portfolios. Leases receivable increased to $211.8 million at December 31, 1993 from $206.3 million at December 31, 1992. The general equipment leasing portfolio represents approximately 84.3% of total lease receivables with an emphasis on transportation equipment. The primary market for direct sales calling efforts on customers and targeted prospects is the Mid-Atlantic region. Other regions comprise a secondary market for direct sales calling but with a greater reliance on outside referral sources. Competition includes banks, as well as non-bank, independent and captive finance and leasing companies and income funds.
FOREIGN
Loans to foreign banks increased $1.8 million during 1993. This increase was due to refinancing of Letters of Credit in the Latin American portfolio.
Foreign commercial and industrial loans were $186.5 million at December 31, 1993, an increase of $35.5 million when compared to December 31, 1992. Commercial and industrial loan exposure consists of maritime industry exposure (76%), non-maritime Latin American (21%) and European (3%) exposure. The maritime portfolio is widely diversified, both geographically and by asset type and is secured by first mortgages/liens. All of the $19.7 million in government and official institution exposure was in Latin America. Government and official institutions are central, state, provincial and local governments in foreign countries and their ministries, departments and agencies.
The economies of virtually all Latin American countries wh