 core deposit intangibles resulting from prior transactions or transactions under firm control as of March 4, 1994. As of December 31, 1993, the Association had only $551,000 of core deposit intangibles which will be so grandfathered. Supervisory goodwill includable in core capital initially could be used to satisfy up to one-half of the 3% core capital requirement and is being phased out over five years, with all goodwill completely excluded from capital after December 31, 1994. At December 31, 1993, supervisory goodwill could be used to satisfy one fourth of the three percent core capital requirement. The allowable percentages of adjusted total assets during the phaseout period are as follows:
Since, as discussed in Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Results of Operations and Financial Condition, the Company has eliminated all of its supervisory goodwill through valuation adjustments and the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards, the phaseout of supervisory goodwill from capital will have no impact on the Company in the future.
The risk-based capital requirement for savings associations of 8% of risk- weighted assets was phased in over three years. Thrifts were required to meet 100% of the requirement, or 8%, on December 31, 1992. The risk-based capital requirement includes core capital plus supplementary capital to the extent that supplementary capital does not exceed 100% of core capital. Supplementary capital includes certain capital instruments which are not included in core capital and general loan loss allowances. Risk-weighted assets equal total assets plus consolidated off-balance sheet items where each asset or item is multiplied by the appropriate risk-weighting applicable to the asset category. The capital regulations assign each asset held by a savings association to one of four risk-weighting categories, based upon the credit risk associated with each asset or item. The risk-weighting categories range from 0% for low-risk as