 relaxed certain financial tests and convenants, and facilitated the investment in an air conditioning joint venture and the formation of a holding company to establish joint ventures in the People's Republic of China for the manufacture and sale of plumbing products. The Company currently believes it will comply with the amended financial tests and covenants but may have to obtain similar amendments or waivers in the future.
On June 30, 1993, in exchange for all of the Company's outstanding shares of 12-3/4% Exchangeable Preferred Stock, the Company issued $141.8 million of 12-3/4% Junior Subordinated Debentures Due 2003 to the holder of the Exchangeable Preferred Stock. Those debentures were sold by the holder in a registered public offering in August 1993. The Company received none of the proceeds of this offering.
The indentures related to the Company's debentures and notes contain various covenants which, among other things, limit debt and preferred stock of the Company and its subsidiaries, dividends on and redemption of capital stock of the Company and its subsidiaries, redemption of certain subordinated obligations of the Company, the use of proceeds from asset sales, and certain other business activities.
In connection with examinations of the tax returns of the Company's German subsidiaries for the years 1984 through 1990, the German tax authorities have raised questions regarding the treatment of certain significant matters. The Company has paid approximately $20 million of a disputed German income tax. A suit is pending to obtain a refund of this tax. The Company anticipates that the German tax authorities may propose other adjustments resulting in additional taxes of approximately $105 million, plus penalties and interest for the tax return years under audit. In addition, significant transactions similar to those which gave rise to such possible adjustments occurred in years subsequent to 1990. The Company, on the basis of the opinion of legal counsel, 