ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL
Firstar Corporation is a registered bank holding company incorporated in Wisconsin in 1929. Firstar Corporation ("Firstar") is the largest bank holding company headquartered in Wisconsin. Firstar's 17 bank subsidiaries in Wisconsin had total assets of $9.3 billion at December 31, 1993. Its eleven Iowa banks, four Illinois banks and one Minnesota bank had total assets of approximately $2.6 billion, $944 million and $1.1 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 1993. Firstar has one bank in Phoenix, Arizona with total assets of $99 million. Firstar's principal subsidiary, Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., had total assets of $5.5 billion which represented 40 percent of Firstar's consolidated assets at December 31, 1993, and is the largest commercial bank in Wisconsin.
Firstar provides banking services throughout Wisconsin and Iowa and in the Chicago, Minneapolis-St. Paul and Phoenix metropolitan areas. Its Wisconsin bank subsidiaries operate in 113 locations, with offices in eight of the ten largest metropolitan population centers of the state, including 46 offices in the Milwaukee metropolitan area. Its Iowa bank subsidiaries operate in 42 locations; its Illinois bank subsidiaries in 15 locations; its Minnesota bank subsidiary in 25 locations; its Arizona bank in three locations; and a trust subsidiary in Florida in two locations. Firstar's bank subsidiaries provide a broad range of financial services for companies based in Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Minnesota, national business organizations, governmental entities and individuals. These commercial and consumer banking activities include accepting demand, time and savings deposits; making both secured and unsecured business and personal loans; and issuing and servicing credit cards. The bank subsidiaries also engage in correspondent banking and provide trust and investment services to individual and corporate customers. Firstar Bank Milwaukee, N.A., Firstar Bank Cedar Rapids, N.A. and Firstar