 capital ratios on a regular basis. Loan volume in excess of the desired growth capacity is available for sale in public and private markets either in a securitized or non-securitized form. Loans which are originated with the intention to sell are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. The environment for the sale of loans in the secondary market is dependent upon market conditions. When the market is restricted, the effect is to reduce loan sales and loans serviced for others. When this occurs, it may be necessary to restrict loan originations to maintain targeted asset growth and capital levels.
Single-Family Residential Mortgage Loans. Single-family residential first mortgage loans were $1.8 billion or 96.0% of Northeast Savings' total loan portfolio at December 31, 1993 and included $46.1 million
in the available-for-sale portfolio which is carried at the lower of cost or fair value. The following table shows the geographic distribution of the Association's single-family residential mortgage loan portfolio at the dates indicated:
The Association offers a variety of adjustable rate residential mortgage loan products, all of which conform to secondary mortgage market requirements. The Association's primary adjustable rate product is a one-year adjustable rate loan, which is tied to the Weekly Average Yield on U.S. Treasury Securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year (One-Year Treasury Constant Maturity Index). Payments and interest rates change annually with an interest rate cap of 2%. Northeast Savings also offers a selection of fixed rate mortgage loans. Generally, both adjustable and fixed rate loans originated by Association are based on underwriting standards such that the loans may be sold or securitized in the secondary mortgage market.
Depending upon the underlying index, adjustable rate loans are offered at terms ranging from 25 to 30 years. All adjustable rate loan products include a lifetime cap and some contain options to convert to a f