ion. Hence, Northeast Savings is in compliance with this limitation.
Loan-to-Value Requirements. On December 31, 1992, the federal banking agencies, including the OTS, issued final rules establishing loan-to-value (LTV) ratio limits on real estate lending by insured depository institutions. As mandated by FDICIA, these rules became effective March 19, 1993. Real estate loans originated after that date which are in excess of the supervisory LTV limits for the particular loan type must be identified in the institution's records and their aggregate amount must be reported to the Board of Directors at least quarterly. In addition, the aggregate amount of loans in excess of the supervisory LTV limits may not exceed 100% of total capital. Within the aggregate limit, total loans for commercial multifamily or other non one-to- four family residential properties may not exceed 30% of total capital. The rule excludes from the supervisory LTV limits permanent mortgages on owner- occupied one-to-four family residential properties provided that residential mortgage loans originated with an LTV in excess of 90% have mortgage insurance coverage for the amount of the loan in excess of 80% LTV ratio. The rule also excludes from the LTV limits loans guaranteed by the federal government or a state government, loans to facilitate the sale of real estate owned, and loans that are refinanced without an advancement of new funds. The Association has reviewed its lending policies and practices for uniformity with the new LTV limits. The impact of the real estate lending standards on the Association has been minimal.
Real Estate Appraisal Regulations. The OTS and other federal banking agencies adopted regulations in 1990 to implement Title XI of FIRREA. These regulations are applicable to all federally related transactions defined as any real estate related transaction entered into by a federally regulated institution which requires an appraiser. The regulations identify which real estate re