n shares.
(2) INCOME TAXES:
The provision for income taxes included in the accompanying Statement of Income consists of the following components:
Federal income taxes (included in the total provision for income tax expense set forth above) are different from the amount which would be computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax rate to income before provision for Federal income taxes; the principal reasons for this difference are as follows:
(3) CAPITAL STOCK:
Union Light sold $15 million of Capital Stock to CG&E in December 1992 and has authority from the KPSC to issue up to an additional $15 million of Capital Stock through December 31, 1994. Also in 1992, CG&E purchased, from the remaining minority shareholders, 36-63/94 shares of the capital stock of Union Light. As a result, all of Union Light's Capital Shares are owned by CG&E.
(4) LONG-TERM DEBT:
Under the terms of the mortgage indenture securing first mortgage bonds issued by Union Light, substantially all property is subject to a direct first mortgage lien.
Improvement and sinking fund provisions contained in the indenture applicable to the First Mortgage Bonds of Union Light issued prior to 1981 require deposits with the Trustee, on or before April 30 of each year, of amounts in cash and/or principal amount of bonds equal to 1% ($200,000) of the principal amount of bonds of the applicable series originally outstanding less certain designated retirements. In lieu of such cash deposits or delivery of bonds and as permitted under the terms of the indenture, historically Union Light has followed the practice of pledging unfunded property additions to the extent of 166-2/3% of the annual sinking fund requirements.
(5) RATES:
Reference is made to "Rate Matters" on page 3 herein with respect to electric and gas rate matters.
(6) FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:
The Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments" (SFAS No. 107), requires dis