atement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Prime Hospitality Corp. and subsidiaries as of July 31, 1992 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the one month then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 8, the Company held an investment in a mortgage note receivable from certain entities with a face value of $100,890,000 that is valued at $25,000,000 at July 31, 1992. The realization of this investment is dependent primarily on the ability of the Company to recover such amount pursuant to the personal guarantees provided by two individuals who control the entities that are the obligors under the mortgage note and own the hotel properties that serve as the underlying collateral for the note. The Company has commenced a legal action to recover pursuant to such guarantees; however, the financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this matter.
Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial statements taken as a whole. The schedules listed in the index to financial statements and financial statement schedules are presented for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and are not part of the basic financial statements. The schedules have been subjected to the auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly state in all material respects the financial data required to be set forth there