ore than actuarially projected, SFAS No. 106 costs for 1994 are expected to be approximately 5% greater than 1993 amounts.
Another FASB standard, SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits", effective in 1994, requires companies to accrue for other post- employment benefits such as disability benefits, health care benefits for disabled employees, severance pay, and workers' compensation claims. The Company currently accrues for workers' compensation claims and the estimated liability for the other benefits is not expected to be material.
Maintenance expenses represent costs incurred to maintain the power stations, the transmission and distribution (T&D) system, and general plant, and reflect routine maintenance of equipment and rights-of-way as well as planned major repairs and unplanned expenditures, primarily from forced outages at the power stations and periodic storm damage on the T&D system. Maintenance expense in 1993 includes the effects of an ice storm and blizzard in March 1993. The Company is also experiencing, and expects to continue to experience, increased expenditures due to the aging of its power stations. Variations in maintenance expense result primarily from unplanned events and planned major projects, which vary in timing and magnitude depending upon the length of time equipment has been in service without a major overhaul, the amount of work found necessary when the equipment is dismantled, and outage requirements to comply with the CAAA.
M-31
Depreciation expense increases resulted primarily from additions to electric plant and in 1993 also from a change in depreciation rates and net salvage amortization as a result of the May 1993 rate order. Because of the increased levels of capital expenditures as a result of the CAAA (see Note J to the consolidated financial statements) and the replacement of aging equipment at the Company's power stations, depreciation expense is expected to increase significantly over the next few ye