n.
Southern Union Econofuel Company ("Econofuel"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Southern Union, was formed in 1990 to market and sell natural gas for natural gas vehicles ("NGVs") as an alternative fuel to gasoline. Econofuel owns fuel dispensing equipment in Austin, El Paso, Port Arthur, and Galveston, Texas located at independent retail fuel stations for NGVs. These stations serve fleet and other public vehicles which have been manufactured or converted to operate on natural gas. In 1991, Econofuel and Natural Gas Development Company, Inc. of California, formed a joint venture that, in 1992 opened the Natural Gas Vehicle Technology Centers, L.L.P. (the "Tech Center") in Austin, Texas. The Tech Center converts gasoline-driven vehicles to operate using natural gas. Since its opening, the Tech Center has converted about 1,200 fleet vehicles and buses to operate on natural gas.
Southern Union Energy Products and Services Company ("SUEPASCO"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was formed during 1992 to market and sell commercial gas air conditioning, irrigation pumps and other gas-fired engine driven applications and related services.
Southern Union Energy International, Inc. ("International"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, was also formed during 1992 to participate in energy related projects internationally.
In addition, the Company holds investments in commercially developed real estate as well as undeveloped tracts of land through its wholly owned subsidiary, Lavaca Realty Company ("Lavaca Realty").
COMPETITION
Southern Union Gas and Missouri Gas Energy are not currently in significant direct competition with any other distributors of natural gas to residential and small commercial customers within their service areas. In recent years, certain large volume customers, primarily industrial and significant commercial customers, have had opportunities to access alternative natural gas supplies and, in some instances, delivery service from pipeline sy