roject on Longboat Key, Florida known as Grand Bay. This line of credit was subsequently executed on January 14, 1994. The line of credit bears interest at the lender's prime rate plus 3/4% and matures January 14, 1996. See Note 15 for further discussion regarding this line of credit.
A statement of cash flows is required under generally accepted accounting principles that classifies cash receipts and disbursements according to whether they result from operating, investing or financing activities as those terms are defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 95. On a cumulative basis, the Partnership has paid distributions from operating, investing and financing activities.
At December 31, 1991, the Partnership owned a 50% joint venture interest in the Cullasaja Community. The operations of the venture require periodic cash advances from the partners. Since the fourth quarter of 1990, the Partnership has funded the cash deficits of the venture in their entirety. As a result, during July 1992, the Partnership purchased its joint venture partner's 50% interest in the Community. The Partnership was not required to make any cash payment to the joint venture partner for its interest. Instead, the purchase price of such interest is in the form of subordinated non- recourse promissory notes (the "Notes"), the payment of which is solely contingent upon the ultimate net cash flow generated by the venture. The Notes are subordinated to the repayment of the outstanding first mortgage loan and certain advances, plus accrued interest thereon, made to the venture by the partners. To the extent the Partnership has funded 100% of the venture's cash deficits in the past or advances new funds, the repayment of such advances, plus accrued interest thereon, is senior to the repayment of funds previously advanced by both partners. A portion of the cash flow remaining after payment of all senior indebtedness is to be applied annually against the principal and interest (at 