ount by which the aggregate cost of loans available-for- sale exceeds market value is charged to gain (loss) on sale of loans, net.
The Company adopted SFAS 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan," as of January 1, 1993. Loans which are identified for evaluation and which are deemed to be impaired under the guidance of SFAS 114 are measured at the fair value of the collateral. Substantially all of the Association's loans are collateral dependent. If the fair value of the collateral is less than the recorded investment in the loan, the allowance for loan losses is adjusted with a corresponding charge to the provision for loan losses. The fair value of the collateral, based on a current appraisal, often changes from one reporting period to the next. If the fair value of the collateral decreases, such decrease is reported as a charge to the provision for loan losses. If the fair value increases, the provision for loan losses is reduced. Impaired loans are included in nonperforming assets as non-accrual loans or troubled debt restructurings, as appropriate. The Company had previously measured loan impairment pursuant to the methods prescribed in SFAS 114. As a result, no additional reserves were required by early adoption of the pronouncement.
Loan Fees
Loan origination fees, commitment fees, and certain direct loan origination costs are deferred and recognized over the lives of the related loans as an adjustment of the loans' yields using the level-yield method. Calculation of the level-yield is based upon weighted average contractual payment terms which are adjusted for actual prepayments. Amortization of deferred fees is discontinued for non-accrual loans.
Loans Serviced for Others
Northeast Savings services real estate and consumer loans for others which are not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Fees earned for servicing loans owned by others are reported as income when the related mortgage loan payments are collected. L