tnership Agreement, the Partnership is required to terminate on or before December 31, 2035. Accordingly, the Partnership intends to hold the real properties it acquires for investment purposes until such time as sale or other disposition appears to be advantageous. Unless otherwise described, the Partnership expects to hold its properties for long-term investment. Due to current market conditions, the Partnership is not able to determine the holding period for its remaining properties. At sale of a particular property, the proceeds, if any, are generally distributed or reinvested in existing properties rather than invested in acquiring additional properties.
The Partnership has made the real property investments set forth in the following table:
The Partnership's real property investments are subject to competition from similar types of properties (including in certain areas properties owned or advised by affiliates of the General Partners or properties owned by venture partners or their affiliates) in the respective vicinities in which they are located. Such competition is generally for the retention of existing tenants. Additionally, the Partnership is in competition for new tenants in markets where significant vacancies are present. Reference is made to Item 7 below for a discussion of competitive conditions and future renovation and capital improvement plans of the Partnership and certain of its significant investment properties. Approximate occupancy levels for the properties are in the table in Item 2


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The Partnership owned or owns directly or through joint venture partnerships the properties or interests in the properties referred to under Item 1 above to which reference is hereby made for a description of said properties.
The following is a listing of principal businesses or occupations carried on in and approximate occupancy levels by quarter during fiscal years 1993 and 1992 for the Partnership's investment properties owned during 1993