Water Supply. See "Discontinued operations--Hawaiian Electric Renewable Systems, Inc."
Hamakua Sugar Company has been operating under Federal Bankruptcy Court protection since August 1992. Hamakua is presently in a Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding and is conducting a final sugar cane harvest over a period of 10 to 16 months, which began in July 1993. During the harvest, Hamakua has agreed to supply HELCO with 8 MW of firm capacity under an amendment to HELCO's existing power purchase agreement.
HELCO has a power purchase agreement with Hilo Coast Processing Company (HCPC) for 18 MW of firm capacity. On July 31, 1992, C. Brewer and Company, Limited publicly announced that Mauna Kea Agribusiness, which is the primary supplier of sugar cane processed by HCPC, will begin converting its acreage to macadamia nuts, eucalyptus trees and other diversified crops as of November 1, 1992, and will discontinue harvesting sugar cane in late 1994. The announcement also indicated that, after the last sugar harvest, HCPC's primary fuel would be coal, supplemented by macadamia nut husks and other biomass material. It is HELCO's understanding that HCPC plans to continue supplying power after 1994 (and may
even be in a position to supply more than 18 MW after its sugar processing operations are discontinued), and HELCO has assumed that HCPC's commitment to provide 18 MW of capacity will remain in effect for the current term of the contract, which ends December 31, 2002.
BHP Petroleum Americas (Hawaii) Inc. (BHPH), formerly Pacific Resources, Inc., stopped hauling heavy fuel oil from Oahu to the other Hawaiian Islands at the end of May 1992. This may continue to affect the ability of the sugar companies, which relied on the oil delivered by BHPH, to supply power to HELCO and MECO. In light of this situation, some of the sugar companies have or are considering conversion to alternative fuels.
Although it currently appears that heavy fuel oil will continue to be commercially available, in 