thorized the Company to enter into agreements with industrial customers, without prior regulatory approval, providing for the Company to release, at negotiated rates, rights to portions of its firm pipeline capacity and natural gas transportation services. In its order authorizing the Company to enter into such agreements, the OPUC concluded that rate flexibility was warranted because competition for such services exists. The OPUC's order, which implements legislation adopted by the Oregon legislature in 1993, allows the Company to compete effectively in this market. Eighty percent of all positive net revenues (gross revenues less the actual cost of gas or pipeline capacity) generated from these agreements will be credited to core customer gas costs.
Construction and Financing Programs - -----------------------------------
See Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
Environment - -----------
The Company is subject to air, water and other environmental regulation by state and federal authorities and has complied in all material respects with applicable regulations. Compliance with these regulations has had no material effect upon the capital expenditures, earnings or the competitive position of the Company.
The Company owns property in Linnton, Oregon and previously owned property in Salem, Oregon that were former sites of gas manufacturing plants. Both sites are under investigation for potential remediation. (See Part II, Item 7, and Item 8, Note 12.)
Employees - ---------
At year-end 1993, the Company had 1,293 employees, of which 932 were members of the Office and Professional Employees International Union, Local No. 11. These union employees approved a five-year Joint Accord covering wages, benefits and working conditions effective April 1, 1992.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The Company's natural gas distribution system consists of 9,313 miles of mains, as well as service pipes, meters and regulators