ound mortgage loans, to not more than 10% of the Trust's assets. At December 31, 1993, .7% of the Trust's assets were invested in junior mortgage loans.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
Mortgage Loans (Continued)
The Trust did not originate or acquire any junior mortgage loans in 1993.
As discussed in "Real Estate" above, in March 1993, the Trust recorded the insubstance foreclosure of the Lakepointe Apartments, an apartment complex which secured a $3.8 million junior mortgage loan. The foreclosure resulted in no loss to the Trust in excess of previously established reserves.
At December 31, 1993, four of the Trust's junior mortgages were classified as nonperforming.
A nonperforming junior mortgage note with a principal balance of $256,000 at December 31, 1993 is secured by a retirement center in Tuscon, Arizona. The borrower on this note, Eldercare Housing Foundation ("Eldercare"), is currently in bankruptcy. The Trust does not anticipate incurring losses on this note in excess of previously established reserves. Ted P. Stokely, a Trustee of the Trust, was employed as a real estate consultant for Eldercare from April 1992 to December 1993.
The three remaining nonperforming junior mortgage notes have an aggregate principal balance of $1.3 million and were acquired in a package of similar loans in 1991. All three loans are secured by shopping centers net leased to a major national tenant. The Trust is currently negotiating a settlement of these loans with the owners. The Trust expects that such settlement will not result in any loss in excess of previously established reserves.
Equity Investment in REIT
In December 1990, the Trust's Board of Trustees, based on the recommendation of its Related Party Transaction Committee, authorized the purchase of up to $1.0 million of the shares of beneficial interest of CMET through negotiated or open market transactions. The Trustees of the Trust, except for Messrs. Friedman, Doyle and Weisbrod, are also trustees of CMET. BCM, the 