a. It conducts international activities at its Baltimore headquarters, a Cayman Islands branch and a representative office in London, and maintains correspondant relationships with more than 75 foreign banks. It offers investment, foreign exchange and securities brokerage services, operates a brokerage subsidiary and acts as investment adviser to the ARK Funds, a family of proprietary mutual funds.
York Bank was acquired by the Corporation on December 31, 1991. It is a Pennsylvania chartered commercial bank organized in 1960 as the product of a consolidation of two banks chartered in 1810 and 1890. With assets of $1.1 billion, net loans of $683.4 million, deposits of $894.4 million at December 31, 1993 and 21 offices in south central Pennsylvania, it is the largest banking institution headquartered in York County, Pennsylvania, a market contiguous to First National's principal market.
First Omni is a national banking subsidiary of the Corporation headquartered in Millsboro, Delaware and conducts retail bankcard services for the Corporation. It offers Mastercard (R) and VISA (R) bankcards both directly and as agent for other banks. At December 31, 1993 it managed bankcard receivables of $692.7 million (including $165.0 million of securitized bankcard receivables).
The Corporation operates various other subsidiaries, including First National Mortgage Corporation, a mortgage banking company which originates, sells and services residential mortgage loans through its network of 11 offices in Maryland, Pennsylvania and Virginia; First National Bank of Maryland, D.C. ("First D.C."), a national bank with its office in the District of Columbia, First Maryland Leasecorp, a commercial finance company specializing in equipment financing and First Maryland Mortgage Corporation, a commercial real estate lender.
Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. ("AIB") is an Irish banking corporation whose stock is traded on the Dublin, London and New York Stock Exchanges. In December 1983, AIB acquired