 March 31, 1992, 1991, and 1990 the Association securitized residential mortgage loans totaling $376.6 million, $2.6 million, $14.5 million, $365.6 million and $402.5 million, respectively. These securitizations were transacted for a number of reasons. First, the Association needed to enhance its risk-based capital ratios. The high quality of the mortgage-backed securities received in exchange for the mortgage loans require a risk-based capital weighting of only 20% whereas the underlying mortgage loans would have required a risk-based capital weighting of 50%. Second, none of the mortgage-backed securities created have recourse provisions. As a result, these securities mitigate the credit risk inherent in the underlying loans. Third, at times the Association securitizes mortgage loans to balance the diversification of its mortgage loan portfolio, thereby reducing the concentration of loans in any one state or region of the country. And finally, mortgage-backed securities are more readily accepted as collateral for wholesale-type borrowings than whole loans and thus have the effect of enhancing funding flexibility on a cost-effective basis.
Allowance For Loan Losses. As a result of certain credit, appraisal, and underwriting risks and uncertainties, potential credit losses are implicit in the business of originating or investing in single-family residential real estate, consumer, income property, and commercial loans. Accordingly, management determines a provision necessary to maintain an allowance for loan losses which it believes is adequate for potential losses at each period end. The evaluation of the loan portfolio for potential losses includes a review on a periodic basis of the financial status and credit standing of certain individual borrowers and/or, an evaluation of available collateral. In addition, management's judgment regarding prevailing and anticipated economic conditions, the impact of those conditions on property values, historical loan loss exper