of PRP's, its exposure for these sites will not be material.
LP&L received notice from the EPA in November 1992, that it (along with AP&L) was involved in the Union County, Arkansas site. An agreement has been negotiated with the EPA that determined LP&L to be a de minimis party with a total liability of approximately $47,000 (see "AP&L," above.)
As to the Mississippi site, LP&L (along with System Energy) understands that EPA has expended approximately $740,000 for this site (three separate locations being treated administratively as one). The State of Mississippi has indicated it intends to have PRP's conduct a cleanup of the site but has not yet taken formal action. LP&L has expended $22,300 to settle with the EPA for its costs for this site and, because there are 44 PRP's for this site (including a number of major oil companies), does not expect its share of future costs to be material.
For a Livingston Parish, Louisiana site (involving at least 70 PRP's, including GSU and many other large and creditworthy corporations), LP&L has found in its records no evidence of its involvement. (For information regarding litigation in connection with the Livingston Parish site, see "Other Regulation and Litigation - LP&L," below.) At a second Louisiana site (also included on the NPL and involving 57 PRP's, including a number of major corporations), NOPSI believes it has no liability for the site because the material it sent to the site was not a hazardous substance.
For the Illinois site, NOPSI, upon its review of the site documentation and of its own records, has asserted to the EPA that it has no involvement in this site. However, NOPSI is participating with other PRP's (including many large and creditworthy corporations) as a prudent means of resolving potential liability, if any.
For all these sites, LP&L has expended approximately $349,000 and NOPSI has expended approximately $172,000 for cleanup costs (commencing in 1986) to date.
During 1993, LP&L performed preliminary