 Employee to the Assignee arising under this Agreement (all of which liabilities secured to or to become secured are herein called "Liabilities"). It is expressly agreed that all sums received by the Assignee hereunder either in event of death of the Insured, the maturity or surrender of the Policy, the obtaining of a loan or advance on the Policy, or otherwise, shall first be applied to the payment of the liability for premiums paid by the Assignee on the Policy.
E. The Assignee covenants and agrees with the Employee as follows: 1. That any balance of sums, if any, received hereunder from the Insurer remaining after payment of the existing Liabilities, matured or unmatured, shall be paid by the Assignee to the persons entitled thereto under the terms of the policy had this Collateral Assignment not been executed: 2. That the Assignee will not exercise either the right to surrender the Policy or the right to obtain policy loans from the Insurer, until there has been either default in any of the Liabilities pursuant to this Agreement or termination of Part I of said Agreement as therein provided; and
3. That the Assignee will, upon request, forward without reasonable delay to the Insurer the Policy for endorsement of any designation or change of beneficiary or any election of an optional mode of settlement.
F. The Employee declares that no proceedings in bankruptcy are pending against him/her and that his/her property is not subject to any assignment for the benefit of creditors.
PART III - Provisions Applicable to Parts I an II A. Amendments Amendments may be added to this Agreement by a written agreement signed by each of the parties and attached hereto.
B. Choice of Law This agreement shall be subject to, and construed according to, the laws of the State of . C. A Binding Agreement This Agreement shall bind the Employer and the Employer's successors and assigns, the Employee and his/her heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, and any Policy beneficiary. D. 