esires to: (i) be admitted into the Partnership as a general partner, (ii) perform all of the duties and responsibilities of a general partner under the Act, and (iii) acquire a general partnership interest in the Partnership, and the Limited Partners, by their execution hereof, desire to evidence their consent to said admission and to the continuance of the Partnership as a limited partnership; and
THAT WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend and restate the partnership so that it appears in its entirety as follows.
NOW THEREFORE, the undersigned hereby continue the partnership as a limited partnership under the provisions of the Act, except as hereinafter provided, for the purposes and on the terms and conditions as hereinafter set forth, and do hereby agree:
1. Name of Partnership. The name of the Partnership shall be "JMB/125 Broad Building Associates, L.P."
2. Character of the Partnership's Business. The character of the business of the Partnership will be to acquire, hold, and otherwise use for profit , either directly or indirectly, an interest in 125 Broad Street Company, a limited partnership formed pursuant to the Uniform Limited Partnership Act as in effect in the State of New York, which partnership owns the improvements on, together with a leasehold interest in, the land more particularly described on Exhibit A attached hereto, and to engage in any and all activities related or incidental thereto. Whenever the term "Property" appears in these Articles such term shall mean any property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, at any time owned by the Partnership, including the Partnership's interest in 125 Broad Street Company, and any property at any time owned by 125 Broad Street Company.
3. Location of the Principal Place of Business. The location of the principal place of business of the Partnership shall be 900 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60611 or such other location as shall be designated by the Partners.
4. Names and Places of R