 March 1993; Mr. Quayle in September 1993; and Mr. Parsons in March 1994.
Holding, Kelso ASI Partners, L.P. (the 73 percent owner of Holding) ("ASI Partners"), and executive officers and certain other management personnel of the Company who purchased shares of Holding common stock ("Management Investors") entered into a Stockholders Agreement that, among other things, provides for arrangements regarding the control of the election of directors of Holding.
Until the earlier of (i) the occurrence of a public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the offer and sale of Holding common stock to the public and underwritten by an investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing and (ii) July 7, 1998, the Management Investors as a group are entitled to nominate at least two directors to the Board of Directors of Holding, and ASI Partners is entitled to nominate the remaining directors. As a result, during such period ASI Partners will control the Board of Directors. To effectuate their rights, the Management Investors and ASI Partners have agreed in the Stockholders' Agreement to grant an irrevocable proxy to the Secretary of Holding to vote their shares of common stock in accordance with such nominations. Such grant of an irrevocable proxy terminates upon Holding's becoming subject to the proxy rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. At present the Board of Directors of Holding consists of nine directors.
The sole holder of the outstanding common stock of American Standard Inc. is Holding, and Holding exclusively elects the directors of American Standard Inc. Currently the directors of Holding are also the directors of American Standard Inc.
Set forth below is the principal occupation of each of the executive officers and directors named above during the past five years (except as noted, all positions are with the Company).
Mr. Kampouris was elected Chairman in December 1993 and President and Chief Execu