gest firm gas customer filed a complaint in the Delaware Chancery Court seeking rescission of its current firm service agreement with the Company and other relief, including non-firm service as an IGT customer. This case was settled in October 1993, with the customer agreeing for a three-year period to transport or pay for a minimum amount of gas equal to 75% of the average amount of gas it has taken over the past three years. This settlement will not have a material impact on the Company's results of operations.
ELECTRIC OPERATIONS
Installed Capacity
The net installed summer electric generating capacity available to the Company to serve its peak load as of December 31, 1993 is presented below. The Company plans to maintain a balanced approach to energy supply, including conservation and load management, purchases of capacity and energy from other utilities and nonutility generators, and construction of new generating capacity. For a discussion of the energy supply plan, see "Challenge 2000 Plan" which begins on page I-4.
The net generating capacity available for operations at any time may be less than the total net installed generating capacity due to generating units being temporarily out of service for inspection, maintenance, repairs, or unforeseen circumstances. See "Item 2


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Substantially all utility plants and properties of the Company are subject to the lien of the Mortgage under which the Company's First Mortgage Bonds are issued.
The Company's electric properties are located in Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey. The following table sets forth the net installed generating capacity available to the Company to serve its peak load as of December 31, 1993.
- -------- (A) Company portion of jointly owned plants. (B) Represents capacity owned by a refinery customer which is available to the Company to serve its peak load.
I-22
Major transmission and distribution lines owned and in service are as follows:
The Company's e