y of three months or less. Due to the short-term nature of repurchase agreements, the Company does not take possession of the securities, which are instead held in the Company's safekeeping account by the bank. For these investments, the value of the collateral is at least equal to the amount of the repurchase agreements. Short-term investments, representing bank certificates of deposit and tax-exempt debt instruments with a maturity of between three months and one year, are stated at cost, which approximates market value.
Financial Instruments-Financial instruments consist principally of cash, short- term investments, trade receivables and payables and long-term debt. The Company places its investments in highly rated financial institutions and investment grade short-term financial instruments, which limits the amount of credit exposure. The Company sells footwear to numerous retailers. Historically, the Company has not experienced significant losses related to investments or trade receivables.
The Company calculates the fair value of all financial instruments and includes this additional information in the consolidated financial statements when the fair value is different than book value. The Company uses quoted market prices when available to calculate these fair values.
Inventory Valuation-Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost of substantially all inventories is determined on the last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis.
Property and Equipment-Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation, which is calculated primarily on the straight-line method, is provided by periodic charges to expense over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leaseholds and leasehold improvements are amortized over the terms of the related leases or their estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter, using the straight-line method.
Goodwill and Trademarks-Goodwill represents the excess of the amount paid over the fair value of net assets acquired. Trademark r