 customer calls and 31% of customer trades during 1993.
Electronic Delivery Services. Schwab provides automated brokerage services through which investors may place orders, receive account information and obtain securities market information. These services are designed to provide added convenience for customers and minimize Schwab's costs of responding to and processing routine customer transactions.
Schwab's TeleBroker Service (registered trademark), which enables customers to place orders for stocks, options and certain mutual funds, as well as obtain real-time securities quotes and account information electronically from any touchtone telephone, was introduced in 1989 and was made available to customers nationally during 1991. TeleBroker (trademark), which provides customers with an additional 10% discount on commissions, has become increasingly important in providing customers access to Schwab, particularly during periods of heavy customer activity. During 1992, Schwab more than doubled the processing capacity of TeleBroker to accommodate increased customer usage and continued to increase capacity in 1993. In November 1993, TeleBroker was enhanced to accommodate Mutual Fund OneSource (trademark) transactions.
On-line access to brokerage and investment information services is also available through Schwab's on-line trading software, StreetSmart (trademark) for Windows (trademark), introduced in October 1993. During 1993, TeleBroker and other on-line brokerage services handled over 53% of Schwab's customer calls and 22% of customer trades.
Information Systems. Schwab's system for processing a securities transaction is highly automated. Registered
- 7 - THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
representatives equipped with on-line computer terminals can access customer account information, obtain securities prices and related information and enter orders on-line. Most equity market orders are automatically executed and the representative is able to confirm execution to the 