, Series 1993-A. The underwritten public offering raised approximately $97 million (net of issuance costs) for the Company. The issuance of this common and preferred stock, together with a conservative growth posture, strengthened its capital ratios.
In October, the Company's common stock was split 2-for-1 through a 100% stock dividend. The split doubled the number of shares of common stock outstanding and was affected for the primary purpose of making the common stock more affordable to a broader base of investors.
The lowest interest rates in the United States in over twenty years contributed to high prepayment rates in the first mortgage portfolio, resulting in write-downs of capitalized servicing rights and lower earnings for the mortgage banking operation.
In foreign operations, despite continuing weak economic growth in the United Kingdom, Household International's United Kingdom operation was profitable for the first time in five years. The improvement was primarily attributable to actions taken in prior years such as implementing tightened underwriting standards and improved collections efforts. For the year, the United Kingdom operation earned $10.3 million compared to a 1992 loss of $45.9 million. The Company's operation in Canada was adversely affected by a continuing poor economic environment resulting in low receivables origination volume. The Company's performance in Canada was also impacted by establishment of higher loss reserves during the fourth quarter as a result of the completion of the first phase of a strategic assessment of the Canadian market, economic conditions, products and the Company's Canadian cost structure and policies. The Company's Australian operation was profitable, comparable with its 1992 results.
FINANCE AND BANKING
Total Finance and Banking receivables at December 31, classified by type, consisted of the following (in millions):
CONSUMER OPERATIONS. Household International is primarily a consumer financial services company, w