992. Under fresh start reporting, the reorganization value of the entity was allocated to the reorganized Company's assets on the basis of the purchase method of accounting. The reorganization value (the approximate fair value) of the assets of the emerging entity was determined by consideration of many factors and various valuation methods, including discounted cash flows and price/earnings and other applicable ratios believed by management to be representative of the Company's business and industry. Liabilities were recorded at face values, which approximate the present values of amounts to be paid determined at appropriate interest rates. Under fresh start reporting, the consolidated balance sheet as of July 31, 1992 became the opening consolidated balance sheet of the emerging Company.
In accordance with SOP 90-7, financial statements covering periods prior to July 31, 1992 are not presented because such statements have been prepared on a different basis of accounting and are thus not comparable.
Principles of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and all of its majority-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Cash equivalents
Cash equivalents are highly liquid unrestricted investments with a maturity of three months or less when acquired.
Restricted cash
Restricted cash consists primarily of highly liquid investments that serve as collateral for debt obligations due within one year.
PRIME HOSPITALITY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 1993 AND 1992 (CONTINUED)
Mortgages and other notes receivable
Mortgages and other notes receivable are reflected at their fair value as of July 31, 1992, adjusted for payments and other advances since that date. The amount of interest income recognized on mortgages and other notes receivable is generally based on the stated interest rate and the carrying value of the 