nd Belgium. The Company's away-from-home products and product systems are also sold in several European countries.
The Company's European subsidiaries, which face competition from several multi-national and regional companies, together constitute the largest marketers of sanitary tissue products in the European Union. The subsidiaries in Belgium, Italy, The Netherlands, Spain and the United Kingdom are the largest marketers of sanitary tissue products in their respective countries; those in France and Portugal are the second largest; and the German subsidiary is one of the four largest. The Company's principal competitive strengths in Europe generally include strong market positions, brand names common to several countries, certain manufacturing technologies and an increasingly integrated management and manufacturing system. However, the Company faces the challenges of implementing its market growth strategies and lowering its costs and, in particular, its labor density at several sites. See Item 7.
PACIFIC OPERATIONS
The Company's personal care and cleaning business in the Pacific region is conducted by the consolidated subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan and Thailand and the unconsolidated affiliate in Korea listed below. Scott's direct or indirect ownership interest is 100% unless otherwise noted.
HONG KONG -- Scott Paper (Hong Kong) Limited
JAPAN -- Scott Japan Limited
KOREA -- Ssangyong Paper Co., Ltd. (23.8% owned)
MALAYSIA -- Scott Paper (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.
SINGAPORE -- Scott Paper (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
TAIWAN -- Taiwan Scott Paper Corporation (66.7% owned)
THAILAND -- Scott Trading Limited; Thai-Scott Paper Company Limited (99.6% owned)
The Company's Pacific subsidiaries and affiliates generally market sanitary tissue products in their own countries, and the products are manufactured either by the same subsidiaries or by other Company operations. The consumer products sold in this region include bathroom tissue, disposable towels, 