 engaged in construction.
The cost of depreciable property units retired, plus removal costs less salvage, are charged to accumulated depreciation.
ALLOWANCE FOR FUNDS USED DURING CONSTRUCTION: AFUDC, an item that does not represent current cash income, is defined in applicable regulatory systems of accounts as including "the net cost for the period of construction of borrowed funds used for construction purposes and a reasonable rate on other funds when so used". AFUDC is recognized as a cost of property, plant, and equipment with offsetting credits to other income and interest charges. Rates used for computing AFUDC in 1993, 1992, and 1991 were 9.97%, 9.92%, and 9.93%, respectively. AFUDC is not recorded for construction applicable to the state of Virginia, where construction work in progress is included in rate base.
DEPRECIATION AND MAINTENANCE: Provisions for depreciation are determined generally on a straight-line method based on estimated service lives of depreciable properties and amounted to approximately 3.6% of average depreciable property in each of the years 1993, 1992, and 1991. The cost of maintenance and of certain replacements of property, plant, and equipment is charged principally to operating expenses.
INCOME TAXES: The Company joins with its parent and affiliates in filing a consolidated federal income tax return. The consolidated tax liability is allocated among the participants generally in proportion to the taxable income of each participant, except that no subsidiary pays tax in excess of its separate return tax liability.
Financial accounting income before income taxes differs from taxable income principally because certain income and deductions for tax purposes are recorded in the financial income statement in another period. Differences between income tax that would be paid if taxes were computed on the basis of financial accounting income instead of taxable income are accounted for substantially in accordance with the accounting procedur