pt in any bankruptcy proceeding to assert a claim under Section 506(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code. Nothing contained in the preceding sentence shall be construed as relieving Lender of its obligations to comply with the express provisions of this Agreement. In any case commenced under any provision of the Bankruptcy Code by or against Borrower, Lender does not consent to any "carve-out", nor shall the Borrower nor any of the General Partners seek the imposition of any "carve-out" for any costs, fees or expenses of any kind or nature of the Borrower's bankruptcy estate, as against either (x) any of Borrower's past, present or future property together with any proceeds or products of the same (and whether or not any of such property together with the proceeds or products thereof is Lender's collateral) or (y) as against Lender, its collateral or its indebtedness.
14. Management Agreement. In the event and to the extent that the terms and provisions of the Management Agreement conflict with those of this Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall override those of the Management Agreement. Manager acknowledges and agrees that amendments and modifications of the Management Agreement will be binding on Lender only to the extent such amendments and modifications have been approved in writing by Lender. Lender may terminate the Management Agreement upon termination of this Agreement as set forth in subparagraph 6(a) hereof.
15. No Joint Venture. This Agreement shall not constitute a joint venture or partnership agreement of any kind between the parties hereto or otherwise create the relationship of joint venturers or partners among the parties hereto. Nothing contained herein shall characterize or be deemed to characterize Lender as a "mortgagee-in-possession".
16. Modifications. If any or all of the provisions of this Agreement are hereafter modified, vacated or stayed by subsequent order of any court, such stay,