 Limited Partners have received cash distributions totaling $156.92. Of this amount, $111.92 represents cash flow from operations and $45.00 represents a return of original capital. During the quarter ended December 31, 1993 the Partnership also paid $460,854 to the General Partner as its distributive share of the Cash Flow distributed for the third quarter of 1993 and made a contribution to the Early Investment Incentive Fund in the amount of $153,618.
During 1993 the General Partner used amounts placed in the Early Investment Incentive Fund to repurchase 4,335 Interests from Limited Partners for a total cost of $655,811.
The Partnership expects to continue making cash distributions from the Cash Flow generated by the receipt of mortgage payments and property operations less payments on the underlying loans, fees to the General Partner and administrative expenses. The level of future distributions is dependent on cash flow from property operations and the receipt of interest income from mortgage loans. The General Partner, on behalf of the Partnership, has retained what it believes is an appropriate amount of working capital to meet current cash or liquidity requirements which may occur.
In 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan." This statement addresses accounting by creditors for impairment of loans and also eliminates the classification of loans as "in substantive foreclosure." This statement has been adopted by the Partnership as of January 1, 1994, and will not have a material impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Partnership.
Inflation has several types of potentially conflicting impacts on real estate investments. Short-term inflation can increase real estate operating costs which may or may not be recovered through increased rents and/or sales prices depending on general or local economic conditions. In the long-term, inflation can be expected to 