er share of common stock
Loss per share of common stock is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Common stock equivalents are excluded from the computation because they are antidilutive.
NOTE 3 - BUSINESS AND GEOGRAPHIC SEGMENTS:
The Company's operations are conducted in two business segments - TiO2 conducted by Kronos and specialty chemicals conducted by Rheox. Titanium dioxide pigments are used to impart whiteness, brightness and opacity to a wide variety of products, including paints, plastics, paper, fibers and ceramics. Specialty chemicals include rheological additives which control the flow and leveling characteristics of a variety of products, including paints, inks, lubricants, sealants, adhesives and cosmetics. General corporate assets consist principally of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.
NOTE 4 - MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS:
Upon adoption of SFAS No. 115 as of December 31, 1993, the Company classified its portfolio of U.S. Treasury Securities as trading securities and its marketable equity securities as available-for-sale.
Net gains and losses from securities transactions are composed of:
NOTE 5 - INVENTORIES:
NOTE 6 - INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES:
In October 1993, Kronos Louisiana, Inc. ("KLA"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kronos, formed a manufacturing joint venture with Tioxide Group, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Imperial Chemicals Industries PLC ("Tioxide"). Under the terms of the joint venture and related agreements, KLA contributed the Louisiana plant to the joint venture, Tioxide paid an aggregate of approximately $205 million, including its tranche of the joint venture debt, and Kronos and certain of its subsidiaries exchanged proprietary chloride process and product technologies with Tioxide and certain of its affiliates. Of the total consideration paid by Tioxide, $30 million is attributable to the exchange of technologies. The manufacturing joint venture, which was eq