r sites could result in expenditures in excess of amounts currently estimated by the Company to be required for such matters. Further, there can be no assurance that additional environmental matters will not arise in the future.
Certain of the Company's businesses are and have been engaged in the handling, manufacture or use of substances or compounds that may be considered toxic or hazardous within the meaning of applicable environmental laws. As with other companies engaged in similar businesses, certain operations and products of the Company have the potential to cause environmental or other damage. The Company continues to implement various policies and programs in an effort to minimize these risks. The Company's policy is to comply with environmental laws and regulations at all of its facilities and to continually strive to improve environmental performance in association with applicable industry initiatives. It is possible that future developments, such as stricter requirements of environmental laws and enforcement policies thereunder, could affect the Company's production, handling, use, storage, transportation, sale or disposal of such substances.
Other litigation. The Company is involved in other litigation, including litigation regarding the Feed Materials Production Center in Ohio owned by the U.S. Department of Energy, formerly managed under contract by NLO, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and other matters.
The Company is also involved in various other environmental, contractual, product liability and other claims and disputes incidental to its present and former businesses.
The Company currently believes the disposition of all claims and disputes individually or in the aggregate, should not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
Concentrations of credit risk
Sales of TiO2 accounted for almost 90% of net sales during the past three years. TiO2 is sold to the p