 System Energy, and the other Grand Gulf 1, Waterford 3, and River Bend co- owners, have retained their ownership interests in their respective nuclear generating units. AP&L, GSU, LP&L, and System Energy have also retained their associated capacity and energy entitlements, and pay directly or reimburse Entergy Operations at cost for its operation of the units.
On June 24, 1992, the NRC issued a bulletin requiring all utilities using a certain fire barrier material in a nuclear power plant to take certain actions related to the material. This material may have been used in as many as 87 nuclear plants in the United States, including ANO, River Bend, Waterford 3, and Grand Gulf 1 (see "River Bend," below for additional information).
ANO. In 1990, in response to a special diagnostic evaluation report by the NRC, AP&L implemented a comprehensive action plan for ANO designed to correct certain management, organizational, and technical problems, and to improve the long-term operational effectiveness and safety of the units. This action plan was largely completed in 1993.
Leaks in certain steam generator tubes at ANO 2 were discovered and repaired during an outage in March 1992; and during a refueling outage in September 1992, a comprehensive inspection of all steam generator tubing was conducted and necessary repairs were made. During a mid-cycle outage in May 1993, a scheduled special inspection of certain steam generator tubing was conducted by Entergy Operations and additional repairs were made. Entergy Operations proposes to operate ANO 2 with no further steam generator inspections until the next refueling outage, which is scheduled for the spring of 1994, and the NRC has concurred with this proposal. The operations and power output of the unit have not been adversely affected to date by these repairs.
River Bend. The Nuclear Information and Resource Service petitioned the NRC to shut down the River Bend plant in July 1992 because of alleged defects in a fire barrier