ivities and additional costs incurred so as to minimize that disruption. In the third quarter 1993, we expensed $1.4 million of costs associated with the opening of the expanded facilities.
During December 1993, we lowered the Ramada Express room rates in order to increase occupancy and to build our customer database. This approach was successful as the Ramada Express occupied room nights more than tripled in December 1993 compared to December 1992.
Now that the expansion is completed and we have one full quarter of operating the expanded facility behind us, we expect improvements in Ramada Express operating income in 1994.
NEW GAMING JURISDICTIONS In mid-1993, the company began pursuing the development of its business in various gaming jurisdictions. In addition to those jurisdictions mentioned in the analysis of
financial condition, the company was one of four finalists but unsuccessful in its proposal to develop and operate a casino complex in Windsor, Ontario. We also investigated several other locations in Missouri and Indiana. In connection with these efforts, we expensed approximately $1.3 million in development costs in 1993.
In 1994, we hope to begin the operation of a casino riverboat in Caruthersville, Missouri. However, the timing of this is dependent on several factors that are beyond our control. One of these factors is the granting of a gaming license by the Missouri Gaming Commission. The company applied for this license when the Missouri Gaming Commission began taking applications. Another possible factor is a ruling by the Missouri Supreme Court holding unconstitutional some portions of the Missouri gaming law. A statewide election to amend the constitution was scheduled to be held April 5, 1994. We also plan to continue to explore opportunities in new jurisdictions as they become interested in gaming.
INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE Interest income declined by $4.5 million in 1993 compared to 1992. The replacement of the AGP notes receivable on Aztar'