nsions in 1993.
PRICE WATERHOUSE PRICE WATERHOUSE
New York, New York February 3, 1994
Potomac
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (These notes are an integral part of the financial statements.)
Note A - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:
The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Allegheny Power System, Inc. and is a part of the Allegheny Power integrated electric utility system (the System).
The Company is subject to regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), by various state bodies having jurisdiction, and by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Significant accounting policies of the Company are summarized below.
REVENUES: Customers are billed on a cycle basis, and revenues, including amounts resulting from the application of fuel and energy cost adjustment clauses, are recorded when billed. Revenues of $63.4 million from one industrial customer, Eastalco Aluminum Company, were 8.9% of total electric operating revenues in 1993. Certain increases in rates being collected by the Company in Virginia are subject to final commission approval, and possible refunds, for which estimated liabilities have been recorded.
DEFERRED POWER COSTS, NET: The costs of fuel, purchased power, and certain other costs, and revenues from sales and transmission services to other utilities, are deferred until they are either recovered from or credited to customers under fuel and energy cost recovery procedures.
PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT: Property, plant, and equipment, including facilities owned with affiliates in the System, are stated at original cost, less contributions in aid of construction. Cost includes direct labor and material, allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC) on property for which construction work in progress is not included in rate base, and such indirect costs as administration, maintenance, and depreciation of transportation and construction equipment, and pensions, taxes, and other fringe benefits related to employees