rocessed all water removed from the mine through its expanded treatment system and is in compliance with the effluent limitations in its water discharge permit. Pumping has removed most of the water that entered the mine on July 11 and the mine was returned to service in February 1994.
On July 26, 1993, the Ohio Department of Natural Resources Division of Reclamation issued an administrative order directing SOCCo to cease pumping due to that agency's concern over possible environmental harm. On July 26, 1993, following SOCCo's appeal of the cessation order, the chairman of the Reclamation Board of Review issued a temporary stay pending a hearing by the full Reclamation Board. On January 14, 1994, the administrative proceeding was settled on the basis of agreements by the Division of Reclamation to dismiss the administrative order and by SOCCo to treat all water removed from the mine in accordance with its discharge permit and to pay certain expenses of the Division of Reclamation.
On August 19, 1993, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio granted SOCCo's motion for a preliminary injunction against the Federal Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement ("OSM") and Federal EPA preventing them from exercising jurisdiction to issue orders to cease pumping. On August 30, 1993, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denied OSM's motion for a stay of the District Court's preliminary injunction but granted Federal EPA's motion for a stay in part which allowed Federal EPA to investigate and make findings with respect to alleged violations of the Clean Water Act and thereafter to exercise its enforcement authority under the Clean Water Act if a violation was identified. On September 2, 1993, Federal EPA issued an administrative order requiring a partial cessation of pumping, the effect of which was delayed by Federal EPA until September 8, 1993. On September 8, 1993, the District Court granted SOCCo's motion requesting that enforcement of