any losses allocated, and any distributions of cash or the fair market value of other assets of the Partnership made, to such Partner and increased by the aggregate amount of any profits allocated to such Partner.
D. Loans. Except as provided in Section 8D hereof, all advances or payments to the Partnership by any Partner shall be deemed to be loans by such Partner to the Partnership, and the Partner shall be entitled to interest thereon at such rates per annum as the General Partner may determine, and the same, together with interest as aforesaid, shall be repaid before any distribution shall be made hereunder to the other Partners. No such loan to the Partnership shall be made without the prior written consent of the General Partner and, unless all of the Partners otherwise agree, shall be required to be made by all of the Partners in proportion to their respective Partnership Shares (as hereinafter defined).
7. Partnership Shares.
A. As used herein, "profits and losses" include, without limitation, each item of Partnership income, gain, loss and deduction as determined for Federal income tax purposes, and "Partnership Share" means the proportion which the aggregate capital contributions to the Partnership of a Partner bear to the aggregate capital contributions to the Partnership of all of the Partners as set forth in Exhibit B. All net profits or losses from the operations of the Partnership for a fiscal year or part thereof shall be allocated to the Partners based upon their respective Partnership Shares.
Any credits of the Partnership for a fiscal year shall be allocated in the same manner as are profits of the Partnership pursuant to this Section 7A (without regard to Section 7B), except that any investment tax credit shall be allocated only among those Partners who were partners (for Federal income tax purposes) on the date the property with respect to which such credit is earned was placed in service.
B. There shall be allocated to each Partner (i) the amou