Item 1. Business
Starrett Housing Corporation was organized in New York in 1922. Through its subsidiary Levitt Corporation ("Levitt"), the Company engages in the construction and sale of single-family homes and garden apartments in the United States and Puerto Rico. See "Levitt Corporation." Over the years Starrett and its subsidiaries have constructed a wide range of office, industrial, public and institutional buildings, among the most notable being the Empire State Building, the AT&T World Headquarters, Citicorp Center, Chemical Bank World Headquarters and the New York State Javits Convention Center, and many well-known residential communities and developments, including Starrett City, Manhattan Park at Roosevelt Island and Trump Tower in New York City. The Company today is actively engaged in various construction, development, management and related businesses. See "Starrett's Construction Activities," "Development Activities" and "Management and Rental Services."
Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the "Company," the "Registrant" or "Starrett" include Starrett Housing Corporation and/or one or more of its subsidiaries.
Levitt Corporation
Levitt's operations include sale of single family detached homes and garden apartments, development of rental apartments, mortgage banking and the development and management of senior citizen health and congregate care facilities.
Housing
Levitt's residential housing operations are concentrated in Florida and Puerto Rico. In Puerto Rico, Levitt believes it is the largest home builder and has been active on the island since 1960. Florida operations were started in 1978 and are currently conducted on Florida's southeast and southwest coasts.
During 1993, several new sites were acquired in Florida which were opened or are scheduled for opening for sales in 1994. Although these projects are in the beginning phase of marketing, there has been a strong initial response from home-buyers to these new subdivisions. Duri