on or 30% of the savings institution's unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus, provided other conditions are satisfied; or (iii) to finance the sale of real property acquired in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith in amounts up to 50%
of the savings institution's unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. However, the OTS has modified the third standard by limiting loans to one borrower to finance the sale of real property acquired in satisfaction of debts to 15% of unimpaired capital and surplus. That rule provides, however, that purchase money mortgages received by a savings institution to finance the sale of such real property do not constitute "loans" (provided the savings institution is not placed in a more detrimental position holding the note than holding the real estate) and, therefore, are not subject to the loans to one borrower limitations. The Bank does not have any loans to any one borrower in violation of these regulations.
Commercial Real Estate Loans. HOLA limits the aggregate amount of commercial (i.e. non-residential) real estate loans that a federal savings institution may make to an amount not in excess of 400% of the savings institution's capital. The Bank has no loans in excess of this limit.
Limitation on Capital Distributions. Applicable rules and regulations of the OTS impose limitations on capital distributions by savings institutions such as the Bank. Within these limitations, certain "safe harbor" capital distributions are permitted, subject to providing the OTS at least 30 days' advance notice. The safe harbor amount is based upon an institution's regulatory capital level. Savings institutions which have capital in excess of all fully phased-in capital requirements before and after the proposed capital distribution ("Tier 1 Institutions") may make capital distributions during a calendar year up to the greater of (i) 100% of net income to date during the calendar year, plus the amount that would reduce by one-half