$(63.9) million and $(6.9) million for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
Federal Income Taxes -- The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes as required by the provisions of FAS 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."
The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return with its wholly- owned subsidiaries. Members of the consolidated group with taxable incomes are charged with the amount of income taxes as if they filed separate federal income tax returns, and members providing deductions and credits which result in income tax savings are allocated credits for such savings.
Reclassification of Prior Period Statements - Certain minor reclassifications of prior period statements have been made to conform with current reporting practices. The effect of the reclassifications was not material to the Company's results of operations or financial position.
NOTE 2. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Reference is made to the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes of Coastal and Subsidiaries for additional information.
NOTE 3. DEBT AND GUARANTEES
Information on the debt of the Company is disclosed in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. The Company has guaranteed certain long-term debt of its subsidiaries (approximately $82.4 million outstanding at December 31, 1993, including current maturities) and certain other obligations arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have entered into interest rate and currency swaps with major banking institutions. The Company is exposed to loss if one or more counterparties default. In addition, the Company or certain of its subsidiaries are guarantors on certain bank loans of corporations and partnerships in which the Company or certain subsidiaries have equity interests. Information on the swaps and guarantees is disclosed in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The aggregate amounts of long-ter