anying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of National Income Realty Trust and consolidated entities (the "Trust") have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, the most significant of which are described in NOTE 1. "SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES". These, along with the remainder of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The data presented in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are as of December 31 of each year and for the year then ended, unless otherwise indicated. Dollar amounts in tables are in thousands, except per share amounts.
Certain balances for 1991 and 1992 have been reclassified to conform to the 1993 presentation.
NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Organization and Trust business. National Income Realty Trust ("NIRT"), is a California business trust organized on October 31, 1978. The Trust was formed to invest in real estate. Since 1991, the Trust has sought only to make equity investments and accordingly, its mortgage note receivable portfolio represents an increasingly smaller portion of the Trust's assets.
Basis of consolidation. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of NIRT and partnerships and subsidiaries which it controls. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.
Interest recognition on notes receivable. It is the Trust's policy to cease recognizing interest income on notes receivable that have been delinquent for 60 days or more. In addition, accrued but unpaid interest income is only recognized to the extent that the net realizable value of the underlying collateral exceeds the carrying value of the receivable.
Allowance for estimated losses. Valuation allowances are provided for estimated losses on 