 of debt, and for its construction program. To meet these needs, the Company has used internally generated funds and external financings, such
M-32
as the sale of common and preferred stock, debt instruments, instalment loans, and lease arrangements. The timing and amount of external financings depend primarily upon economic and financial market conditions, the Company's cash needs, and capitalization ratio objectives. The availability and cost of external financing depend upon the financial health of the companies seeking those funds.
Capital Requirements Construction expenditures for 1993 were $251 million and for 1994 and 1995 are estimated at $258 million and $208 million, respectively. These estimates include $82 million and $33 million, respectively, for substantial completion of the program of complying with Phase I of the CAAA. It is anticipated that the Harrison Scrubber Project will be completed on schedule (late 1994) and that the final cost will be approximately 24% below the original budget. Primary factors contributing to the reduced cost include: 1) the absence of any major construction problems to date; 2) financing and material and equipment costs lower than expected; and 3) favorable ruling of the Pennsylvania PUC allowing the inclusion of carrying costs of construction in rates in lieu of AFUDC. Construction expenditures through the year 2000 may include substantial amounts for compliance with both Phase I and Phase II of the CAAA. The Company is estimating amounts of approximately $700 million, which includes $207 million expended through 1993, depending upon the strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II. The mere possibility of new legislation which restricts or discourages carbon dioxide emissions, either through taxation or caps, further complicates the CAAA Phase II planning process. The remaining amount of this CAAA construction estimate, together with normal construction activity assures that continuing external financings wi