as escrow programs and special bid financing from financial institutions.
Customer Support. Merisel offers a number of customer loyalty programs, including the Vantage and Frequent Buyer Programs, which provide incentives to resellers to aggregate their purchases through Merisel. The Vantage Programs offer Merisel's top-volume customers within the VAR and value-added dealer channels increased levels of service and pricing advantages. Merisel's Frequent Buyer Program awards resellers with credits based on the dollar amount of their purchases from Merisel, which credits are redeemable for travel, education, merchandise and for revenue-generating activities such as product promotions and advertisements. The cost of the Frequent Buyer Program is funded by cooperative marketing dollars paid by Merisel's suppliers.
Merisel furnishes its computer resellers with a series of publications containing detailed information on products, pricing, promotions and developments in the industry. Merisel publishes a Confidential Reseller Price Book, which lists Merisel's current product offerings. Merisel also publishes the Hot List, which ranks Merisel's current best-selling hardware and software products in four different reseller channels. In addition, Merisel's On-Line Literature Library offers over 20,000 data sheets of product information literature on a fax-back system and on CD-ROM.
Merisel provides training and product information to its reseller customers through its well-respected Softeach program, a worldwide series of training forums whereby manufacturers conduct seminars on how to sell their products. Softeach is held periodically in major cities throughout the United States, Canada, Australia and Europe. In 1993, the Company believes that over 15,000 computer resellers attended Softeach seminars held in 11 countries worldwide. Merisel also provides computer resellers with a technical support "hotline," as well as specialized technical support for virtually all product lin