ates, 64.8% of the aggregate commercial real estate portfolio at December 31, 1993, was secured by properties in Maryland, 15.3% in Pennsylvania, and 6.5% in Virginia. Consistent with the Corporation's strategy to lend on real estate in its primary markets, only 7.7% of the Corporation's commercial real estate was secured by properties outside the Mid- Atlantic marketplace.
Loans Secured by Real Estate and Other Assets Owned by Geographic Region
The real estate downturn in the Mid-Atlantic marketplace put severe pressure on the portfolio during the past 3 1/2 years. It would appear, however, that market conditions began to improve in the second half of 1993 and that gradual improvement can be expected going forward in particular property types and sub- markets.
The Corporation's commercial real estate portfolio quality has exhibited marked improvement throughout 1993. The commencement of stabilization in the marketplace along with the workout efforts and restructuring of 1991-1992 helped to produce 1993's positive results. At the same time, new high quality loans were recorded. Non-accrual loans declined 38.1% to $48.3 million and owned real estate was reduced by 14.7% to $19.0 million. See Nonperforming Assets section for further discussion.
REAL ESTATE, CONSTRUCTION
The Corporation's construction lending portfolio decreased $43.1 million in 1993, reflecting the continued unfavorable markets for new development and portfolio adjustments to move completed projects into permanent financing. Lenders and developers continue their retrenchment as the unfavorable economic climate has remained. There is minimal real estate construction growth forecasted for the near term, although the Corporation continues to solicit the few high quality loan opportunities available in the marketplace to offset the expected continuing run-off.
Real estate construction outstandings include land acquisition and development loans, and building construction loans. The most recent assessment o