upervisory monitoring, among other things. Other restrictions may be imposed on the institution either by the OTS or by the FDIC, including requirements to raise additional capital, sell assets, or sell the entire institution. Once an institution becomes "critically undercapitalized" it is generally placed in receivership or conservatorship within 90 days. To be considered "well capitalized," a savings institution must generally have a core capital ratio of at least 5%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6%, and a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10%. An institution is deemed to be "critically undercapitalized" if it has a tangible equity ratio of 2% or less. At December 31, 1993 BankAtlantic's core, Tier 1 risk-based and total risk based capital ratios were 6.63%, 12.18% and 13.40%, respectively, thus, meeting the requirements of "well capitalized" (unaudited). The payment of dividends by BankAtlantic is limited by federal regulations. Effective August 1, 1990, the OTS adopted a new regulation that limits all capital distributions made by savings institutions, including cash dividends, by permitting only certain institutions that meet specified capital levels to make capital distributions without prior OTS approval. The regulation established a three-tiered system, with the greatest flexibility afforded to well-capitalized institutions. An institution that meets all of its fully phased-in capital requirements and is not in need of more than normal supervision would be a "Tier 1 Institution." An institution that meets its minimum regulatory capital requirements but does not meet its fully phased-in capital requirements would be a "Tier 2 Institution." An institution that does not meet all of its minimum regulatory capital requirements would be a "Tier 3 Institution." A Tier 1 Institution may, after prior notice, but without the approval of the OTS, make capital distributions during a calendar year up to 100% of net income earned to date during t