ity of Fort Wayne. Indiana. Since 1975, I&M has leased and operated the assets of the municipal system of the City of Fort Wayne, Indiana under a 35-year lease with a provision for an additional 15-year extension at the election of I&M.
See Item 1 under Fuel Supply, for information concerning coal reserves owned or controlled by subsidiaries of AEP.
The following table sets forth the total circuit miles of transmission and distribution lines of the AEP System, APCo, CSPCo, I&M, KEPCo and OPCo and that portion of the total representing 765,000-volt lines:
- -------- (a)Includes jointly owned lines. (b)Includes lines of other AEP System companies not shown.
TITLES
The AEP System's electric generating stations are generally located on lands owned in fee simple. The greater portion of the transmission and distribution lines of the System has been constructed over lands of private owners pursuant to easements or along public highways and streets pursuant to appropriate statutory authority. The rights of the System in the realty on which its facilities are located are considered by it to be adequate for its use in the conduct of its business. Minor defects and irregularities customarily found in title to properties of like size and character may exist, but such defects and irregularities do not materially impair the use of the properties affected thereby. System companies generally have the right of eminent domain whereby they may, if necessary, acquire, perfect or secure titles to or easements on privately-held lands used or to be used in their utility operations.
Substantially all the physical properties of APCo, CSPCo, I&M, KEPCo and OPCo are subject to the lien of the mortgage and deed of trust securing the first mortgage bonds of each such company.
SYSTEM TRANSMISSION LINES AND FACILITY SITING
Legislation in the states of Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Virginia, and West Virginia requires prior approval of sites of generating facilities and/or routes of high-volt