ch was announced on January 7, 1993, to relocate its distribution facilities from Massachusetts to Kentucky.
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Management of The Stride Rite Corporation is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the financial information included in this annual report. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Where required, the financial statements reflect our best estimates and judgments.
It is the Company's policy to maintain a control-conscious environment through an effective system of internal accounting controls supported by formal policies and procedures communicated throughout the Company. These controls are adequate to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss or unauthorized use and to produce the records necessary for the preparation of financial information. There are limits inherent in all systems of internal control based on the recognition that the costs of such systems should be related to the benefits to be derived. We believe the Company's systems provide this appropriate balance.
The control environment is complemented by the Company's internal auditors who perform audits and evaluate the adequacy of and the adherence to these controls, policies and procedures. In addition, the Company's independent public accountants have developed an understanding of our accounting and financial controls and have conducted such tests as they consider necessary to support their report below.
The Board of Directors pursues its oversight role for the financial statements through the Audit Committee, which consists solely of outside directors. The Audit Committee meets regularly with management, the corporate internal auditors and Coopers & Lybrand to review management's process of implementation and administration of internal accounting controls, and auditing and financial reporting matters. The independent and internal auditors have unre