ulating the entry of, or the rates charged by, any CMRS provider. The new law does not, however, prohibit a state from regulating other terms and conditions of CMRS offerings and permits states to petition the FCC for authority to continue rate regulation. These new statutory provisions will take effect in August 1994.
On September 23, 1993, the FCC decided to allocate seven Personal Communications Services ("PCS") frequency blocks for licensing, in the aggregate 120 Megahertz ("MHz") of spectrum for licensed operations, and an additional 40 MHz for unlicensed operations, including uses such as telephone PBX and wireless local area network operations. Two 30 MHz frequency blocks will be awarded for each of the 51 Rand McNally Major Trading Areas, while one 20 MHz and four 10 MHz frequency blocks will be awarded for each of the 492 Rand McNally Basic Trading Areas. Cellular operators will be permitted to participate in the award of these new PCS licenses, which will be made via a yet-to-be-defined auction process, except for licenses reserved for rural, small, minority-and female- owned businesses and licenses for markets in which such cellular operator owns a 20% or greater interest in a cellular licensee which holds a license covering 10% or more of the population of the
respective PCS licensed area. In the latter case, the cellular licensee is limited to one 10 MHz PCS channel block. Numerous requests for reconsideration of the FCC's decision have been filed and remain pending before the FCC. In its March 8, 1994 decision referenced above, the FCC presumptively classified PCS as CMRS. The FCC has not adopted specific competitive bidding rules for the initial licensing of PCS spectrum or established a schedule for the commencement of PCS auctions.
PCS technology is currently under development and is expected to be similar in some respects to cellular technology. When offered commercially, this technology is expected to offer increased capacity for wireless two-way 