facilities are located in Camp Hill and Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and Anderson, South Carolina. True Temper Hardware Company also owns five sawmill facilities located in Indiana, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Vermont and staffs a sales office and distribution center for Canada located in Aurora, Ontario, Canada. In addition, True Temper Limited, an Irish Corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has offices and a manufacturing facility in Whites Cross, Cork, Ireland. True Temper Hardware products are extensively advertised and are sold both directly, and through wholesale distributors, to national and regional high volume retailers and hardware stores. Over 82 percent of True Temper Hardware's products are sold under the True Temper registered trademark name; the remainder are sold under the Jackson registered trademark, Cyclone registered trademark or other names, or under private labels. In the quarter ended December 31, 1993, the Company recorded a $28,755,000 ($20,329,000 after tax) charge to restructure the True Temper Hardware Company lawn and garden tool business to address inefficiencies in the manufacturing process and to improve future profitability of True Temper Hardware Company. Information regarding the Company's restructure of True Temper Hardware Company is incorporated herein by reference to pages 28 and 29 and note 2 to the consolidated financial statements on page 41 of the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 1993.
b. SUPPLIERS
Basic materials such as raw steel, steel tubing, plastic, ash timber, and welding materials used in the manufacturing operations are purchased primarily from domestic sources. Alternate sources are available for all critical products and components, but the sudden loss of any major supplier could, on a temporary basis, cause a negative effect on the segment's operations.
c. PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND LICENSES
The patents, trademarks (including the registered trademarks "H