er 11, 1986 by a working agreement which runs until October, 1997. The working agreement provides for an exclusive marketing and selling arrangement in the worldwide civil aviation market and in specific segments of the United Kingdom military market.
On December 31, 1993, Thomson-CSF (hereinafter "Thomson"), of Paris, France, acquired Rediffusion from Hughes Aircraft. Discussions are being held with Thomson personnel regarding the terms and conditions of the working agreement which Thomson has said are not acceptable to them. Thomson recently invoked an 18 month cancellation provision based on decreased market share. Evans & Sutherland disputes the availability of the cancellation provision. The parties are continuing to seek a mutually acceptable ongoing relationship which may result in significant changes in the way the Company serves these two markets.
4. Restructuring of E&S operations. Pursuant to a Board of Directors ------------------------------- decision in December, 1993, E&S implemented a restructuring of its operations that are expected to result in reduced costs and operating expenses of approximately $14,000,000 annually. The restructuring eliminated about 170 jobs worldwide (approximately 13% of the workforce) and entailed a one-time restructuring charge of $7,900,000 against operating earnings in the fourth quarter of 1993.
The purpose of the restructuring was to respond to significant changes occurring within the traditional and highly competitive markets served by the Company enabling it to more effectively and efficiently focus appropriate resources in serving these markets as well as new emerging opportunities.
5. TRIPOS spin-off. On March 16, 1994, the Company and its wholly-owned --------------- subsidiary TRIPOS, Inc. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) a preliminary Information Statement and a Form 10 Registration Statement pertaining to the spin-off of TRIPOS to the stockholders of Evans & Sutherland in the form of a spe