the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
PRICE WATERHOUSE
St. Louis, Missouri February 17, 1994
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Dated: March 28, 1994
LEGGETT & PLATT, INCORPORATED
By: ____/s/__HARRY M. CORNELL, JR.____ Harry M. Cornell, Jr. CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
EXHIBIT INDEX
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Leggett & Platt, Incorporated:
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our report dated February 17, 1994, appearing on page 29 of Leggett & Platt, Incorporated's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993, also included an audit of the Financial Statement Schedules listed in Item 14 - 2 in Part IV of this Form 10-K. In our opinion, these Financial Statement Schedules present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein 