 the net cash flow of the property to be escrowed (as defined). The venture also funded $500,000 into a reserve account as required by the modification agreement. This reserve account is to be used to fund future costs, including tenant improvements, leasing commissions and capital improvements, approved by the lender. Additionally, due to the uncertainty of the Partnership's ability to recover the net carrying value of the California investment property, the Partnership made, as a matter of prudent accounting practice, a provision for value impairment of California Plaza at June 30, 1993 of $2,166,799 (which included $1,558,492 relating to the venture partner's deficit investment balance at that date). Such provision reduced the net carrying value of the investment property to the June 30, 1993 outstanding balance of the related non-recourse mortgage note. Reference is made to Notes 1 and 4(b)(vi).
Erie-McClurg Parking Facility
On September 25, 1992, the Partnership, through Erie-McClurg Associates, sold the Erie-McClurg Parking Facility located in Chicago, Illinois. A portion of the cash proceeds was used to retire the first mortgage note secured by the property. Additionally, a portion of the proceeds was used to retire the Partnership's unsecured, non-revolving line of credit. Reference is made to Notes 2(e) and 7.
Concurrently, with the sale of the Erie-McClurg Parking Facility, the Partnership entered into an agreement with the unaffiliated manager of the parking facility to induce the manager to re-write the existing long-term management agreement at less favorable terms to the manager. This agreement guarantees the manager 100% of the compensation which would have been earned under the agreement prior to the sale in years one through five and 50% of any potential difference between the management fee under the agreement prior to the sale and the renegotiated agreement with the purchaser (as defined) in years six through eighteen. Reference is made to Note 7.