 the Anti-Defamation League, The United Jewish Appeal and the Guardians.
RICHARD RATHFON, now retired, was the Sacramento City Manager from 1968 to 1976. He has over 31 years of diversified experience in housing, architecture and urban planning. He is currently Chairman of the Capital Area Development Authority.
ALBERT S. RODDA, A.B., M.A. AND Ph.D. from Stanford University, taught American History and Principles of Economics for 20 years at Sacramento City College. He served as Senator in the California State Senate for 22 years and is an Executive Secretary of the California Commission on State Finance for two years. During World War II he served in the Pacific as a gunnery officer with the U.S. Navy.
FRANK A. MORROW is Chief Executive Officer of the Trust. He received a B.S. from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1961 and an M.B.A. from Stanford University in 1971. He has a range of real estate and management experience, having served as Director of Real Estate for Stanford University, Senior Vice President/Regional Manager of Bedford Properties, Senior Vice President of Boise Cascade Urban Development Corporation and assistant to the Chairman of Hawaiian Airlines, among other experience.
POST-REORGANIZATION MANAGEMENT. The Amended Plan or Reorganization provides that, on the plan effective date, the Board of Trustees will consist of five persons, one of whom shall be designated by the Trust, provided that the Trust's designee is Mr. Morrow; and three of whom shall be designated by a majority vote of an election committee consisting of two Pacific Mutual Lender designees and one Equity Committee designee. The Trustees shall serve for an initial one year period.
The Plan Proponents have reached an agreement with Frank Morrow on the terms of his continued management services after the plan effective date. The agreement will provide that Morrow will act as Chief Executive Officer for a term of one year, for monthly compensation of $25,000, commencing on the effective date, 