 Reference is made to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 7 for further discussion of this joint venture.
(g) Other
The Partnership also owns a 20% joint venture interest in a 4,000-acre Community, known as Coto de Caza, located in Southern Orange County, California. The Community is in its mid stage of development. At December 31, 1991, the Partnership was the managing partner and owned a 50% joint venture interest in the Community; however, during 1992 the Partnership's joint venture partner was reallocated an additional 30% interest in the venture and assumed the role of managing partner in exchange for funding the venture's future cash requirements. Reference is made to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 7 for further discussion of this joint venture. The Partnership also has joint venture interests in Mizner Court and Mizner Tower, located in Mizner Village, which consisted of 335 luxury condominium units in Palm Beach County, Florida, all of which were sold as of December 31, 1991.
The Partnership also owns land zoned for commercial use in or near its Communities in Jacksonville, Boca Raton, Atlanta, Georgia and in its Weston Community. The Partnership also owns, either directly or through joint venture interests, various commercial and industrial sites and buildings in Sarasota, Tampa, Ocala, Pompano Beach and Palm Beach County, Florida which are not located in its residential Communities. At December 31, 1993, the joint venture with property in Pompano Beach was encumbered by mortgages in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $4 million. Reference is made to Note 11 for further discussion of this venture and its related indebtedness.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Partnership is involved in an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) administrative enforcement proceeding with regard to the Partnership's Water's 