 Delaware holding company, Northeast Federal Corp. Under the reorganization plan, Northeast Savings' capital stock was exchanged for capital stock of Northeast Federal Corp. and the capital of Northeast Federal Corp. was downstreamed to Northeast Savings in the form of common stock which qualified as core capital. As a result, on July 6, 1990, Northeast Savings came into compliance with all of the then-applicable Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS) capital requirements. Since that time, Northeast Savings has remained in compliance with all current capital requirements and, as of June 30, 1992, met all of its fully phased-in capital requirements.
On June 19, 1991, the Association acquired $10.5 million of deposits of Financial of Hartford, F.S.B. from the Resolution Trust Corporation (RTC). On September 13, 1991, the Association acquired $210.9 million in insured deposits of eight branches of ComFed Savings Bank, F.A. (ComFed), from the RTC. In addition, on March 20, 1992, Northeast Savings acquired approximately $183.2 million in insured deposits of four southern California branches of FarWest Savings and Loan Association, F.A. from the RTC.
On May 8, 1992, the Association acquired certain assets of four Rhode Island financial institutions (the Rhode Island acquisition) which were in receivership proceedings under the jurisdiction of the Superior Court of Providence County, Rhode Island. In addition, deposits in the Association were issued to former depositors in the Rhode Island institutions. As a result, the Association acquired seven branches in Rhode Island which, at the time of acquisition, had total deposits of $315.0 million.
In conjunction with the Rhode Island acquisition, the Company repurchased from the FSLIC Resolution Fund (FRF) the Company's adjustable rate preferred stock for $28.0 million in cash and $7.0 million of the Company's 9% Sinking Fund Uncertificated Debentures, due 2012 (the 9% Debentures) for a total fair value of $32.5 million. The 9% Deb