tirement health care benefits and significantly changed the practice of accounting for postretirement benefits on a pay-as-you-go (cash) basis by requiring accrual of the expected cost of providing those benefits to an employee and the employee's beneficiaries and covered dependents during the years that the employee renders the necessary service. SFAS 106 became effective for the Association in 1993. The Company implemented SFAS 106 during the quarter ended March 31, 1993 and is amortizing the estimated $444,000 expense over the twelve year life expectancy of the participants.
Income Taxes
Northeast Federal Corp. and subsidiaries file a federal consolidated income tax return. In February 1992, the FASB issued SFAS 109, "Accounting For Income Taxes," which requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. One requirement of SFAS 109 is that the tax benefit related to acquired deductible temporary differences and pre- acquisition net operating loss carryforwards shall first be applied to reduce to zero goodwill related to that acquisition. Accordingly, goodwill has been reduced as a result of the tax benefits related to these items.
The Company elected to adopt SFAS 109 effective April 1, 1991. The effect of initially applying the new standard was reported as the effect of a change in accounting principle. The cumulative effect of this change is reported separately in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended March 31, 1992. As required, first, second, and third quarters of the year ended March 31, 1992 were restated for the effect of this change.
Income (Loss) Per Common Share
Income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and (if dilutive) common stock equivalents (i.e., stock options and warrants) outstanding in each year. The 8% Convertible Subordinated Debentures do not meet the criteria for a common stock equivalent. Income (loss) per common sh