 the statute of limitations.
A subsidiary of Coastal has initiated a suit against TransAmerican Natural Gas Corporation ("TransAmerican") in the District Court of Webb County, Texas, for breach of two gas purchase agreements. In February 1993, TransAmerican filed a Third Party Complaint and a Counterclaim in this action against Coastal and certain subsidiaries. TransAmerican alleges breach of contract, fraud, conspiracy, duress, tortious interference and violations of the Texas Free Enterprises and Anti-trust Act arising out of the gas purchase agreements. TransAmerican seeks compensatory damages, exemplary damages and attorney fees. The trial began on March 14, 1994.
Numerous other lawsuits and other proceedings which have arisen in the ordinary course of business are pending or threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries.
Although no assurances can be given and no determination can be made at this time as to the outcome of any particular lawsuit or proceeding, the Company believes there are meritorious defenses to substantially all of the above claims and that any liability which may finally be determined should not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position. Additional information regarding legal proceedings is set forth in Notes 3 and 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
None.
PART II
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
The principal market on which Coastal Common Stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange; Coastal Common Stock is also listed on The Stock Exchange in London, the Stock Exchanges of Dusseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg and Munich in Germany and on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange. The Class A Common Stock of Coastal is non-transferable; however, such stock is convertible share-for-share into Coastal Common Stock. As of March 16, 1994, the approximate numbe