ndicated by the percentage of freight cars built in earlier years.
NS continues freight car and locomotive maintenance programs to ensure the highest standards of safety, reliability, customer satisfaction and equipment marketability. In recent years, as illustrated in the table below, the bad order ratio has risen or remained fairly stable primarily due to the storage of certain types of cars which are not in high demand. Funds were not spent to repair cars for which present and future customers' needs could be adequately met without such repair programs. Also, NS' own standards of what constitutes a "serviceable" car have risen, and NS continues a rational disposition program for underutilized, unserviceable and overage cars.
TRACKAGE - All NS trackage is standard gauge, and the rail in approximately 95 percent of the main line trackage (including first, second, third and branch main tracks, all excluding trackage rights) is heavyweight rail ranging from 90 to 155 pounds per yard. Of the 23,512 miles of track maintained by NS as of December 31, 1993, 15,621 were laid with welded rail.
The density of traffic on NS running tracks (main line trackage plus passing tracks) during 1993 was as follows:
MICROWAVE SYSTEM - The NS microwave system, consisting of 6,584 radio path miles, 374 active stations and 7 passive repeater stations, provides communication services between Norfolk, Buffalo, Detroit, Fort Wayne, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis, Washington, D.C., Atlanta, New Orleans, Jacksonville, Memphis, Cincinnati and most operating locations between these cities. The microwave system provides approximately 2,152,600 individual voice channel miles of circuits, and NS began a conversion of the system from analog to digital technology in 1993. Conversion is under way on all microwave facilities between St. Louis, Mo., and Danville, Ky.; the process is also under way between Roanoke and Norfolk, Va. The microwave communication system is used principally for voice communi