ntiffs allege that the offering materials distributed in connection with the promotions of these limited partnerships contained misrepresentations of material fact and that the defendants misrepresented and concealed material facts from the plaintiffs during the time the partnerships were in existence. The complaint asserts two causes of action for fraud, one of which is based on a claim for intentional misrepresentation and concealment and one of which is based on a claim of negligent misrepresentation. The complaint also contains a claim for breach of fiduciary duty. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, attorneys' fees and costs. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which the Court dismissed in February 1993 pursuant to a motion to dismiss filed by the Defendants. Plaintiffs thereafter filed a second amended complaint in February 1993. which was also dismissed. Plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint which defendants answered in April 1993. Management intends to vigorously defend this action.
Martha Hess, et. al., on behalf of themselves and all others similarly situated, v. Gordon, Boula, Financial Concepts, Ltd., KFB Securities, Inc., et al. In the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois. On or about May 20, 1988, an individual investor filed the above referenced action against two individual defendants, who allegedly sold securities without being registered as securities brokers, two corporations organized and controlled by such individuals, and against approximately sixteen publicly offered limited partnerships, including two partnerships that the Company acquired the assets and liabilities of in the 1991 Exchange transaction, (the "predecessor partnerships") interests in which were sold by the individual and corporate defendants.
Plaintiff alleged that the sale of limited partnership interests in the predecessor partnerships (among other affiliated and unaffiliated partnerships) by persons and corporations not registered as s