he Company and Gary and Steven Singer be enjoined permanently from violating the antifraud, periodic reporting and other provisions of the federal securities laws, that they disgorge the amounts of the alleged profits received by them pursuant to the alleged frauds (stated in the SEC's Litigation Release No. 13432 announcing the filing of the SEC Complaint as being $1,296,406, $2,323,180 and $174,705, respectively), plus interest, and that they each pay appropriate civil monetary penalties. The SEC Complaint also seeks orders permanently prohibiting Gary and Steven Singer from serving as officers or directors of any public company and disgorgement from certain Singer family members and entities of amounts representing the alleged profits received by such defendants pursuant to the alleged frauds. In February 1993, the court granted a motion staying all proceedings in connection with this matter pending completion of the criminal case. On January 24, 1994, the Court lifted the stay and directed the defendants to file answers to the SEC Complaint within 30 days. The Company is currently involved in settlement negotiations with the SEC. At this time, there can be no assurances these negotiations will be successfully concluded.
The imposition of monetary penalties upon the Company as a result of the criminal convictions or in connection with the matters alleged in the SEC Complaint, as well as the incurrence of any additional defense costs, could exacerbate, possibly materially, the Company's liquidity problems and its need to raise funds. See Item 7 -- 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.'
Copies of the Indictment and the SEC Complaint were attached as exhibits to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 16, 1992, filed with the SEC.
The Company is named as a nominal defendant in a shareholder derivative action entitled Harry Lewis and Gary Goldberg v. Gary A. Singer, Steven G. Singer, Arthur C. Bass, J