asis. Generally, a customer buying securities in a cash-only brokerage account is required to make payment by settlement date, usually five business days after the trade is executed. However, for purchases of certain types of securities, such as mutual fund shares, a customer must have a cash balance in his or her account sufficient to pay for the trade prior to execution. When selling securities, a customer is required to deliver the securities, and is entitled to receive the proceeds, on the settlement date. In an account authorized for margin trading, Schwab may lend its customer a portion of the market value of certain securities up to the limit imposed by the Federal Reserve Board, which for most equity securities is initially 50%. Such loans are collateralized by the securities in the customer's account. "Short" sales of securities represent sales of borrowed securities and create an obligation to purchase the securities at a later date. Customers may sell securities "short" in a margin account subject to minimum equity and applicable margin requirements and the availability of such securities to be borrowed and delivered.
Interest on margin loans to customers provides an important source of revenue to Schwab. During the year ended December 31, 1993, Schwab's outstanding margin loans to its customers averaged approximately $2.2 billion, up from 1992's average of $1.6 billion.
In permitting a customer to engage in transactions, Schwab takes the risk of such customer's failure to meet his or her obligations in the event of adverse changes in the market value of the securities positions in his or her account. Under applicable rules and regulations for margin transactions, Schwab, in the event of such an adverse change, requires the customer to deposit additional securities or cash, so that the amount of the customer's obligation is not greater than specified percentages of the cash and market values of the securities in the account. As a matter of policy, Schwab 