 expense. The principal factor contributing to the reversal was that, in 1993, agreement on terms for certain further labor savings could not be reached. Accordingly, it became apparent that a surplus existed in the labor portion of the provision established in the 1991 special charge.
16. Contingencies
Lawsuits - -------- Norfolk Southern and certain subsidiaries are defendants in numerous lawsuits relating principally to railroad operations. While the final outcome of these lawsuits cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of Management, after consulting with its legal counsel, that ultimate liability will not materially affect the consolidated financial position of NS.
Debt Guarantees - --------------- As of December 31, 1993, certain Norfolk Southern subsidiaries are contingently liable as guarantors with respect to $37 million of indebtedness of related entities.
Environmental Matters - --------------------- NS is subject to various jurisdictions' environmental laws and regulations. Certain NS rail subsidiaries have received notices from the Environmental Protection Agency that they are potentially responsible parties under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA), which generally imposes joint and several liability for cleanup costs. State agencies also have notified certain NS rail subsidiaries that they may be potentially responsible for environmental damages, and in several instances they have agreed voluntarily to initiate cleanup. For CERCLA sites and all other known environmental incidents where loss or liability is probable, NS has recorded an estimated liability. The amount of that liability, which includes estimated costs of remediation (and any associated restoration) on a site-by-site basis, is expected to be paid over several years. Claims, if any, against third parties for recovery of remediation costs incurred by NS are reflected as receivables in the balance sheet and are not netted against t