t of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments" (FAS 107) issued by the FASB. Management has made estimates of fair value discount rates that it believes to be reasonable. However, because there is no market for many of these financial instruments, management has no basis to determine whether the fair value presented would be indicative of the value negotiated in an actual sale. BankAtlantic's fair value estimates do not consider the tax effect that would be associated with the disposition of the assets or liabilities at their fair value estimates. Fair values are estimated for loan portfolios with similar financial characteristics. Loans are segregated by category such as commercial, commercial real estate, residential mortgage, second mortgages, and other installment. Each loan category is further segmented into fixed and adjustable rate interest terms and by performing and non-performing categories. The fair value of performing loans, except residential mortgage and adjustable rate loans, is calculated by discounting scheduled cash flows through the estimated maturity using estimated market discount rates that reflect the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loan. The estimate of average maturity is based on BankAtlantic's historical experience with prepayments for each loan classification, modified, as required, by an estimate of the effect of current economic and lending conditions. For performing residential mortgage loans, fair value is estimated by discounting contractual cash flows adjusted for national historical prepayment estimates using discount rates based on secondary market sources adjusted to reflect differences in servicing and credit costs. For adjustable rate loans, the fair value is estimated at book value after adjusting for credit risk inherent in the loan. BankAtlantic's interest rate risk is considered insignificant since the majority of BankAtlantic's adjustable rate loans are ba