ion. In the event a holder fails to dispose of Depositary Units in accordance with such notice, the Depositary may cancel such holder's Depositary Units and reissue them in the name of the Trustee, whereupon the Trustee will use its reasonable efforts to sell the Depositary Units and remit the net sale proceeds to such holder. In the case of Trust Units withdrawn from deposit with the Depositary, the Trustee shall redeem such Trust Units not divested in accordance with such notice, for a cash price equal to the then-current market price of the Depositary Units less the then-current, over-the-counter bid price of the related, withdrawn Treasury Obligations. The redemption price will be paid out in quarterly installments limited to the amount that otherwise would have been distributed in respect of such redeemed Trust Units.
LIABILITY OF HOLDERS
The Trust is intended to be classified as an 'express trust' under Texas law and thus subject to the Texas Trust Code. Under the Texas Trust Code, a trust beneficiary will not be held personally liable for obligations incurred by the Trust except in limited circumstances principally related to wrongful conduct by the trust beneficiary. It is unclear whether the Trust constitutes an 'express trust' under the Texas Trust Code. If the Trust were held not to be an express trust, a Holder could be jointly and severally liable for any liability of the Trust in the event that (i) the satisfaction of such liability was not by contract limited to the assets of the Trust and (ii) the assets of the Trust were insufficient to discharge such liability. Examples of such liability would include liabilities arising under environmental laws and damages arising from product liability and personal injury in connection with the Trust's business. Each Holder should weigh this potential exposure in deciding whether to retain or transfer his Trust Units.
LIQUIDATION OF THE TRUST
The Trust will be liquidated and the Net Profits Royalties will be sold