ment has elected not to net the costs against the loan fees but to defer only fees. The effect of this practice does not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
Allowance for Possible Loan Losses
Provisions for possible loan losses are charged to operating expenses and added to the allowance to maintain it at a level deemed appropriate by management to absorb known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio. When establishing a provision, management makes various estimates regarding the value of collateral and future economic events. Actual future experience may differ from these estimates. Recognized loan losses are charged to the allowance when loans are deemed to be uncollectible due to such factors as the borrower's failure to pay principal and interest or when loans are classified as losses under internal or external review criteria. Recoveries of principal on loans previously charged- off are added to the allowance.
Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when management believes the borrower's financial condition, after giving consideration to economic conditions and collection efforts, is such that collection of interest is doubtful. Generally, loans are placed on nonaccrual status when interest becomes past due 90 days or more, or management deems the ultimate collection of principal and interest, in full, is in doubt.
Premises and Equipment
Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, computed on the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of thirty to forty years for buildings and three to twenty years for fixtures and equipment. Additions and major facilities are capitalized and depreciated in the same manner. Repairs and maintenance are charged to operating expense as incurred.
Other Real Estate
Other real estate includes property owned by the Group banks which was acquired either through foreclosure or by receiving a deed in lieu of foreclosure. The properties are included in "other assets" on t