w entity in which the defendant Alan B. Levan would be a major shareholder. The complaint further alleged that the defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in connection with the sale of the original limited partnership units in the 1980s and in connection with the 1991 Exchange, and fraudulently tallied the votes in connection with the 1991 Exchange and Solicitation of Consents described above.
On March 2, 1994, the parties entered into an agreement to settle this action pursuant to which BFC will pay approximately eighty-one percent (81%) of the face amount of the outstanding debentures held by plaintiffs and the debentures will be canceled pursuant to the procedures outlined in the agreement. The settlement is subject to, among other things, court approval. Upon effectiveness, the settlement of this action will be dismissed with prejudice and the parties will exchange releases.
Marjory Meador, Shirley B. Daniels, Robert A. and Ruby L. Avans, and Dr. and Mrs. Czerny, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, Plaintiffs, vs. BFC Financial Corporation; BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank; Alan B. Levan; I.R.E. Advisors Series 21, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 23, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 24, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 25, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 27, Corp.; I.R.E. Income Advisors Corp.; and First Equity Corporation of Florida; Defendants, in the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit in and for Broward County, Florida, Case No. 91- 29892 (CA-17). This action was filed as a class action during October 1991 and is brought on behalf of all persons who were limited partners in (a) I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 21, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 23, or I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. -Series 24 on the effective date of the 1989 Exchange Transaction not otherwise included in the action by limited partners who voted against the Exchange; or (b) were limited partners in I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd.