arriers.
The number of awards used on United were 1.6 million, 1.4 million and 1.6 million for the years 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. Such awards represented 7.5%, 6.7% and 6.7% of United's total revenue passenger miles for each period, res pectively. With these low percentages, seat availability and restrictions on the use of free travel awards, United believes that the displacement, if any, of revenue passengers by users of Mileage Plus awards is minimal.
United has agreements with certain air carriers and other parties to utilize the Mileage Plus program and receives and makes payments based on the earning and redemption of awards by Mileage Plus participants with such parties.
Computer Reservations Systems. Travel agents account for a substantial percentage of United's sales. The complexity of the various schedules and fares offered by air carriers has fostered the development of electronic distribution systems that display information relating the fares and schedules of United and other airlines to travel agents and others. United believes that the use of such systems has been a key factor in the marketing and distribution of airlines' products.
Before September 1993, United had an ownership interest in two general partnerships which owned and marketed computer reservation system ("CRS") products and services. In September 1993, The Covia Partnership ("Covia"), a 50%-owned affiliate of United, and The Galileo Company Limited, a 25.6%-owned affiliate of United, combined. In the combination Covia was renamed as "Galileo International Partnership" ("Galileo"), and a second entity, the Apollo Travel Services Partnership ("ATS"), was formed. These two general partnerships are owned 38% and 77%, respectively, by United through a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Galileo is held 50% by European carriers and 50% by North American carriers. It owns the Apollo and Galileo CRSs and markets CRS services worldwide through a system of national distribution companies located in 