cessor provision enacted in lieu thereof ).
C. In the event of the dissolution of the Partnership for any reason, the Partners shall have the option, upon the consent of all of them (other than any Partner which may have become bankrupt or incompetent, dissolved, terminated or withdrawn from the Partnership), to form a new (or reform the existing) partnership, on such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon, for the purpose of continuing the Partnership business. Unless the Partners so agree, the Partnership shall be liquidated and shall immediately commence to wind up its affairs as provided in subsection E below.
D. Each Partner shall look solely to the assets of the Partnership for all distributions with respect to the Partnership and for the return, if any, of his capital contribution and his share of profits or losses thereof, and shall have no recourse therefore (upon dissolution or otherwise) against the General Partner or any other Partner. No Partner shall have any right to demand or receive Property other than cash at any time, including dissolution and termination of the Partnership; provided that nothing herein contained shall relieve any Partner of such Partner's obligation to pay any liability or indebtedness owing the Partnership by such Partner.
E. Upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in subsection B above causing a dissolution of the Partnership and except as otherwise provided in this Section 11, the remaining Partner or Partners shall commence to wind up the affairs of the Partnership and to liquidate its assets (and in this connection shall have full right and unlimited discretion to determine in good faith the time, manner and terms of any sale or sales of the Partnership's Property). The Partner or Partners obligated to wind up the affairs of the Partnership as aforesaid are herein called the "Winding-Up Party. The Partners and their legal representatives, successors and assignees shall continue to share profits and losses duri