flecting how that basis should be allocated among each property represented by his Trust Units.
OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES
It is anticipated that the Trust may generate some interest income on funds held as a reserve or held until the next distribution date. Expenses of the Trust will include administrative expenses of the Trustee. Under the Code, certain miscellaneous itemized deductions of an individual taxpayer are deductible only to the extent that in the aggregate they exceed 2% of the taxpayer's adjusted gross income. Certain administrative expenses attributable to the Trust Units may have to be aggregated with an individual Holder's other miscellaneous itemized deductions to determine the excess over 2% of adjusted gross income. It is anticipated that the amount of such expenses will not be significant in relation to the Trust's income.
NON-PASSIVE ACTIVITY INCOME AND LOSS
The income and expenses of the Trust will not be taken into account in computing the passive activity losses and income under Code Section 469 for a Holder who acquires and holds Depositary Units as an investment.
UNRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE INCOME
Certain organizations that are generally exempt from tax under Code Section 501 are subject to tax on certain types of business income defined in Code Section 512 as unrelated business income. The income of the Trust will not be unrelated business taxable income within the meaning of Code Section 512 so long as the Trust Units are not 'debt-financed property' within the meaning of Code Section 524(b). In general, a Trust Unit would be debt-financed if the Holder incurs debt to acquire a Trust Unit or otherwise incurs or maintains a debt that would not have been incurred or maintained if such Trust Unit had not been acquired. Legislative proposals have been made from time to time
which, if adopted, would result in the treatment of income attributable to the Net Profits Royalties as unrelated business income.
SALE OF DEPOSITARY UNITS; DEPLETABLE BASI