ash and other coal by-products generated from power stations, must be disposed in accordance with the state requirements. The Company is incurring various costs, which are recoverable in rates, to comply with these and other environmental matters. The level of future expenditures for environmental matters is impossible to determine with any degree of certainty. It is management's opinion that the ultimate costs will not have a material effect on the financial position of the Company.
M-26
As of January 1994, Monongahela Power Company (MP), an affiliated company, has been named as a defendant along with multiple other defendants in 1,429 pending asbestos cases involving multiple plaintiffs and the Company and its affiliates have been named as defendants along with multiple defendants in an additional 626 cases by multiple plaintiffs. Because these cases are filed by "shotgun" complaints naming many plaintiffs and many defendants, it is presently impossible to determine the actual number of claims against the Company and its affiliates. However, based on past experience and data available to date, it is estimated that less than 600 cases actually involve claims against the Company or its affiliates. All complaints allege that the plaintiffs sustained unspecified injuries resulting from claimed exposure to asbestos in various generating plants and other industrial facilities operated by the various defendants, although all plaintiffs do not claim exposure at facilities operated by all defendants. All plaintiffs claiming exposure at System-operated stations were employed by third-party contractors, with the exception of three who claim to have been employees of MP. The Company is joint owner with MP in five generating plants, including four operated by MP in West Virginia. Each plaintiff generally seeks compensatory and punitive damages against all defendants in amounts of up to $1 million and $3 million, respectively; in those cases that include a spousal claim for los