 the LPSC and the Council the Least Cost Plan described under "Business of Entergy - Competition - Least Cost Planning," above. LP&L also requested authorization to recover development and implementation costs and costs and incentives related to the DSM aspects of the plan. Discovery in the LPSC review of LP&L's Least Cost Plan filing is continuing, and the current procedural schedule (which maybe extended) contemplates that, after hearings and briefings, a report of the LPSC special counsel will be issued on June 14, 1994. The LPSC could render a decision on the basis of this report. On January 19, 1994, LP&L filed a motion with the LPSC to dismiss or withdraw without prejudice the CCLM and to proceed with a pilot CCLM at shareholder expense. The LPSC granted LP&L's motion on February 2, 1994, subject to LP&L, among other things, keeping the LPSC timely informed as to LP&L's CCLM activities. (See "NOPSI - Least Cost Planning," below, for further information on LP&L's and NOPSI's proceedings pending before the Council.)
Fuel Adjustment Clause. LP&L's rate schedules include a fuel adjustment clause to reflect the delivered cost of fuel in the second preceding month and purchased power energy costs. The fuel adjustment also reflects a surcharge for deferred fuel expense arising from the monthly reconciliation of actual fuel cost incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers. LP&L defers on its books fuel costs that will be reflected in customer billings in the future under the fuel adjustment clause.
MP&L
Rate Freeze. In a stipulation entered into by MP&L in connection with the settlement of various issues related to the Merger, MP&L agreed that (1) for a period of five years beginning on November 9, 1993, retail base rates under the FRP (see "Incentive Rate Plan," below) would not be increased above the level of rates in effect on November 1, 1993, and (2) MP&L would not request any general retail rate increase that would increase retail rates above the level 