, related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and resulting gains or losses are reflected in income.
EXCESS OF COST OVER NET ASSETS ACQUIRED
Excess of cost over net assets acquired, principally from the acquisition of CF&I Steel, L.P. ("CF&I"), is being amortized over 40 years using the straight-line method.
REVENUE RECOGNITION
Revenue is recognized when the earning process is complete and an exchange has taken place. The earning process is not considered complete until collection of the sales price is reasonably assured.
TAXES ON INCOME
Deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at year end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Tax credits are accounted for using the flow through method which recognizes such credits in the year in which the credit arises by a reduction to income tax expense.
As of January 1, 1992, the Company adopted the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, (FAS No. 109) "Accounting for Income Taxes." This Statement supersedes existing accounting standards for income taxes which the Company adopted in 1988 (see Note 6).
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries are translated at the rate of exchange in effect as of the balance sheet date; income and expenses are translated at the average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. The related translation adjustments are reflected in the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment section of the consolidated balance sheet.
NET INCOME PER SHARE
The computation of earnings per common and common equivalent share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period plus (in periods in which they have a dilutive effect) the effect of common shares con