th the CAAA, net of CAAA amounts included in rate base and earning a cash return. Future levels of AFUDC can be expected to increase slightly with increasing levels of CAAA expenditures until late 1994 upon substantial completion of Phase I of the CAAA compliance program. Fluctuations in other income, net, were individually insignificant. Other interest expense reflects changes in the levels of short-term debt maintained by the companies.
The decrease in dividends on preferred stock of subsidiaries reflects the 1992 redemption of three series totaling $25 million with dividend rates of 9.4% to 9.64% and the 1993 redemption of an additional $2 million of 4.7% to $7.16 series, offset by the 1992 sale of $40 million of market auction preferred stock with an average dividend rate of 2.6%.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the enterprise's need for cash". System companies need cash for operating expenses, the payment of interest and dividends, retirement of debt and certain preferred stocks, and for their construction programs. To meet these needs, the companies have used internally generated funds and external financings, such as the sale of common and preferred stock, debt instruments, instalment loans, and lease arrangements. The timing and amount of external financings depend primarily upon economic and financial market conditions, the companies' cash needs, and capitalization ratio objectives. The availability and cost of external financing depend upon the financial health of the companies seeking those funds.
CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS
Construction expenditures for 1993 were $574 million and for 1994 and 1995 are estimated at $500 million and $400 million, respectively. These estimates include $161 million and $53 million, respectively, for substantial completion of the program of complying with Phase I of the CAAA discussed under ITEM 1. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. 