ocess improvements, which will translate into increased productivity and better customer service. Other important steps have been the acquisition of Environamics Corporation, the Company's expansion in the energy-industry business, and cost containment measures that included reducing the workforce. These actions, when combined with signs of a stronger orders trend, give the Company solid reasons for expecting improvement next year in both sales and profitability.
Page 21 of 54
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Financial Statements
Page
Independent Auditors' Report 23 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 24 Consolidated Balance Sheets 25 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 26 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 27 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 28-39
Supplementary Data
Quarterly Financial Data 40
Page 22 of 54
Independent Auditors' Report
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Goulds Pumps, Incorporated:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Goulds Pumps, Incorporated, and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.