ar.
The following table shows ASB's interest rate sensitivity at December 31, 1993:
(1) The table does not include $183 million of noninterest-earning assets and $53 million of noninterest-bearing liabilities. (2) The difference between the total interest-earning assets and the total interest-bearing liabilities.
INTEREST INCOME AND INTEREST EXPENSE
The following table sets forth average balances, interest and dividend income, interest expense and weighted average yields earned and rates paid, for certain categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the periods indicated. Average balances for each period have been calculated using the average month-end balances during the period.
(1) ASB has no material amount of tax-exempt investments for periods shown. (2) Excludes nonrecurring items.
The following table shows the effect on net interest income of (1) changes in interest rates (change in weighted average interest rate multiplied by prior period average portfolio balance) and (2) changes in volume (change in average portfolio balance multiplied by prior period rate). Any remaining change is allocated to the above two categories on a pro rata basis.
OTHER INCOME
In addition to net interest income, ASB has various sources of other income, including fee income from servicing loans, fees on deposit accounts, rental income from premises and other income. Other income totaled approximately $11.1 million in 1993, compared to $10.4 million in 1992 and $9.7 million in 1991.
LENDING ACTIVITIES
General. ASB's net loan and mortgage-backed securities portfolio totaled approximately $2.4 billion at December 31, 1993, representing 90.3% of its total assets, compared to $2.2 billion, or 88.3%, and $2.0 billion, or 89.7%, at December 31, 1992 and 1991, respectively. ASB's loan portfolio consists primarily of conventional residential mortgage loans which are not insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) nor guaranteed by the Veterans Administra