ng procedures of the FERC. These subsidiaries meet the criteria and, accordingly, follow the reporting and accounting requirements of FAS 71.
RECLASSIFICATION OF PRIOR PERIOD STATEMENTS - Certain minor reclassifications have been made to conform with current reporting practices. The effect of the reclassifications was not material to the Company's results of operations or financial position.
NOTE 2. INVENTORIES
Inventories at December 31 were (millions of dollars):
Elements included in inventory cost are material, labor and manufacturing expenses.
The excess of replacement cost over the carrying value of natural gas in underground storage carried by the last-in, first-out method was approximately $52.6 million and $47.8 million at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
Natural gas in underground storage at December 31, 1993, includes $161.5 million, pending approval by the FERC, which is to be transferred to Property, Plant and Equipment for regulatory and accounting purposes.
NOTE 3. TAKE-OR-PAY OBLIGATIONS
Other assets include $134.0 million and $225.6 million at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, relating to prepayments for gas under gas purchase contracts with producers and settlement payment amounts relative to the restructuring of gas purchase contracts as negotiated with producers. Currently, FERC regulations allow for the billing of a portion of the costs of take-or-pay settlements and renegotiating gas purchase contracts. Prepayments are normally recoupable through future deliveries of natural gas.
As a result of the implementation of Order 636 by CIG on October 1, 1993 (See Note 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements), CIG's future gas sales will be made at negotiated prices and will not be subject to regulatory price controls. This will not affect the recoverability or the results of pending take-or-pay litigation or any take-or-pay or contractual reformation settlements that CIG may achieve with respect to periods before October 1