bordinated Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and are subordinated in right of payment to all present and future Senior indebtedness (as defined) of the Company. Upon change of control of the Company, the holders of the Subordinated Notes would have the right to require repurchase of the Subordinated Notes at par plus accrued interest but their rights would be subordinated to the right of the holders of the First Mortgage Notes to receive payment if the holders of the First Mortgage Notes exercise their right to require repurchase.
In connection with an expansion of Ramada Express that was completed in September 1993, the Company converted its construction and term loan credit facility into a $50 Million Revolving Credit Note pursuant to the terms of the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated December 28, 1993 (the "$50 Million Credit Facility"). The maximum principal amount that can be outstanding may not exceed $50,000,000 at any one time. Interest is payable monthly on the outstanding principal balance at a rate of prime plus 1/2 %. The Company may elect to pay interest based on a one, two or three month LIBOR rate plus 2 1/4%. The Company incurs a commitment fee of 0.5% per annum on the unused portion of this credit facility. The $50 Million Credit Facility matures on June 30, 1996 and is collateralized by Ramada Express. The Company may request that the maturity date be extended for one-year periods at the lenders' discretion. At the Company's option, the credit facility can be converted to a three-year reducing revolving credit facility whereby the maximum principal amount that can be outstanding will be reduced by 1/12 each quarter.
In connection with the AREI/AGP acquisition, the Company borrowed $10,000,000 under a $10 million Revolving Credit Note pursuant to the Revolving Credit Loan Agreement, dated July 29, 1993 (the "$10 Million Credit Facility"). Borrowings under the $10 Million Credit Facility may not exceed $10,000,00