gistrant. Each unit operates as a separate profit center with its own sales staff and specific programs for the market it serves.
Effective January 1, 1994, Betz Industrial was decentralized into four separate operating units: the Refining and Chemical Division; the Pulp and Paper Division; the Power Industry Division; and the Manufacturing Industries Division. These four divisions along with Betz Entec, Inc. became the Betz Water Management Group which markets all of Registrant's water treatment programs to customers within the United States. Betz Water Management Group, which accounted for approximately 50.1% of Registrant's 1993 sales, will continue to provide specialty chemicals and value added treatment programs to basic domestic industries, such as petroleum, refining, chemical, paper, electric utility and food processing industries.
Betz Entec, Inc., a subsidiary, specializes in the treatment of boilers, cooling systems, air conditioning systems and wastewater for mid- sized industrial plants, hospitals, government buildings, institutions and commercial facilities. Its customized treatment programs are designed to control scale, corrosion and microbiological growth. As an adjunct to the sale of its specialty chemical products, Betz Entec, Inc. markets laboratory reagents and chemical test kits for use in analyzing water.
Betz Process Chemicals, Inc., a subsidiary, develops specific products used in process streams in the refining, petrochemical and steel industries. These products are "process-side" treatments as compared to "water-side" treatments and are formulated to reduce production inefficiencies in large industrial plants. This technology is applied in many ways including controlling corrosion with effective inhibitors and controlling fouling in heat exchangers through trace metal deactivation, polymer retardants and oxidation control.
A related market is served by Betz Energy Chemicals, Inc. This subsidiary serves the oil production markets by providi