o Island community. These denials adversely affected the Company's ability to obtain the required permits for the Marco Shores community as originally platted. Following the denials, the Company instituted legal proceedings, implemented various programs to assist its customers affected by the Corps' action, and applied for permits from certain administrative agencies for other areas of the Company's Marco ownership.
On July 20, 1982, the Company entered into an agreement with the State of Florida and various state and local agencies (the "Settlement Agreement"), endorsed by various environmental interest groups, to resolve pending litigation and administrative proceedings relative to the Marco permitting issues. The Settlement Agreement became effective when, pursuant thereto, approximately 12,400 acres of the Company's Marco wetlands were conveyed to the State in exchange for approximately 50 acres of State-owned property in Dade County, Florida. In October, 1987, the Company sold the Dade County property for $9,000,000. The Settlement Agreement also allowed the Company to develop as many as 14,500 additional dwelling units in the Marco vicinity. On October 11, 1991, 1,300 acres of Marco property (7,000 dwelling units) were conveyed to the Company's lenders pursuant to the Conveyance Agreement.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-(CONTINUED)
THE DELTONA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
9. MARCO ISLAND-MARCO SHORES PERMITS - (CONTINUED)
The Company had placed certain properties in trust to meet its refund obligation to affected customers. On September 14, 1992, the Circuit Court of Dade County, Florida approved a settlement of certain class action litigation instituted by customers affected by the Marco permit denials, under the terms of which the Company was required, among other things, to convey more than 120 acres of multi-family and commercial land that had been placed in trust to the trustee of the 809 member class. As part of the settlement, the Company gu