e securities commissions may conduct administrative proceedings which can result in censure, fine, cease and desist orders, or suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or an investment adviser, its officers, or employees. In the past, Schwab occasionally has been the subject of such administrative proceedings. The principal purpose of regulations and discipline of broker-dealers and investment advisers is the protection of customers and the securities markets, rather than protection of creditors and stockholders of broker-dealers and investment advisers.
As registered broker-dealers and NASD member organizations, Schwab and M&S are required by Federal law to belong to the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), which provides, in the event of the liquidation of a broker-dealer, protection for securities held in customer accounts held by the firm of up to $500,000 per customer, subject to a limitation of $100,000 on claims for cash balances. SIPC is funded through assessments on registered broker-dealers. SIPC assessments currently are .054% of net operating revenues (as defined) per year. In addition, Schwab has purchased from private insurers additional account protection of up to $24.5 million per customer, as defined, in 1993 for customer securities positions only. This account protection is up from protection in 1992 of $2 million. Mutual funds, including money market funds, are considered securities for the purposes of SIPC coverage and the supplemental coverage.
Schwab is also authorized by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board to effect transactions in municipal securities on behalf of its customers and has obtained certain additional registrations with the SEC and state regulatory agencies necessary to permit it to engage in certain other activities incidental to its brokerage business. For example, Schwab is registered with the SEC as a transfer agent in connection with certain services it provides to the SchwabFunds (registered trademark).