p to $75 million. In addition, the Partnership had a letter of credit agreement up to $20 million. Although the Partnership's term loan was not scheduled to mature until February 1998, the lenders required the Partnership to restructure its entire credit facility as part of the extension of the revolving line of credit facility which originally matured on January 15, 1992. The Partnership and its lenders finalized an agreement in October of 1992 for a new facility. The new facility consists of a term loan in the amount of $126,805,195, a revolving line of credit facility up to $45 million, an income property term loan of $20 million, and a $15 million letter of credit facility. The term loan, the revolving line of credit and the letter of credit facility are secured by recorded mortgages on all otherwise unencumbered real property assets of the Partnership as well as an assignment of all mortgages receivables, equity memberships, certain joint venture interests or joint venture proceeds and cash balances (with the exception of deposits held in escrow). The income property term loan is secured by the recorded first mortgages on a mixed-use center and an office building in Boca Raton, Florida. All of the notes under the new facility are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted. The term loan, the revolving line of credit and the income property term loan bear interest based, at the Partnership's option, on one of the lender's prime rate plus 1% or on the relevant London Inter-Bank Offering Rate (LIBOR) plus 2.25% per annum. At December 31, 1993, $75 million of the Partnership's outstanding credit facility was under two interest rate swap arrangements. For the year ended December 31, 1993, the effective interest rate for the combined term loan, income property term loan and revolving line of credit facility was approximately 9.3% per annum. This rate includes the effect of the interest rate swap agreements, one of which matured in February 1994 and the other of which w