 the terms of the applicable contract. Cajun has filed a suit seeking a declaration that it does not owe such funds and seeking injunctive relief against GSU. GSU is contesting such suit and is reviewing its available legal remedies.
In September 1992, GSU received a letter from Cajun alleging that the operating and maintenance costs for River Bend are "far in excess of industry averages" and that "it would be imprudent for Cajun to fund these excessive costs." Cajun further stated that until it is satisfied it would fund a maximum of $700,000 per week under protest for the remainder of 1992. In a December 1992 letter, Cajun stated that it would also withhold costs associated with certain additional repairs, of which the majority will be incurred during the next refueling outage, currently scheduled for April 1994. GSU believes that Cajun's allegations are without merit and is considering its legal and other remedies available with respect to the underpayments by Cajun. The total resulting from Cajun's failure to fund repair projects, Cajun's funding limitation on the fourth refueling outage, and the weekly funding limitation by Cajun was $33.3 million as of December 31, 1993, compared with a $28.4 million unfunded balance as of December 31, 1992.
During 1994, and for the next several years, it is expected that Cajun's share of River Bend-related costs will be in the range of $60 million to $70 million per year. Cajun's weak financial condition could have a material adverse effect on GSU, including a possible NRC action with respect to the operation of River Bend and a need to bear additional costs associated with the co-owned facilities. If GSU were required to fund Cajun's share of costs, there can be no assurance that such payments could be recovered. Cajun's weak financial condition could also affect the ultimate collectibility of amounts owed to GSU.
Since 1986, GSU had been in litigation with the Southern Company regarding unit power and long-term power purcha