ng 1994, Levitt expects an increase in sales resulting from these new subdivisions in Florida. Additionally, as the older projects are being completed, contracts are being entered into for new sites.
Levitt has concentrated its significant Puerto Rican homebuilding activities in the greater San Juan area. In recent years, Puerto Rico operations have provided the majority of revenue and profits for Levitt. Levitt has a major development called Encantada and other subdivisions in the San Juan metropolitan area.
Encantada is a planned unit development located in a suburb of San Juan with excellent access to schools, shopping and business centers.
Encantada is planned for 2,600 homes of which more than 1,300 homes have been contracted for sale with over 1,000 deliveries as of February 28, 1994. Both single family homes and garden apartments are offered for sale at various prices in the community. The Company believes that Encantada's success can be attributed to the quality of the community, quality of the housing and the family lifestyle provided. With approximately 1,300 more homes to be sold, Encantada, together with the region's other projects, is expected to continue as an important source of revenues and profits for the Company.
With the new Florida developments being introduced during 1994, Levitt's domestic operations are expected to be profitable and Puerto Rico should maintain its level of profitability.
Levitt's performance in 1993 reflects the finalization of its program involving the disposition of high cost land in Virginia, New York and New Jersey as these areas were phased out. The disposition of land by selling and constructing homes at reduced prices resulted in a loss or minimal profit, but accelerated the receipt of cash from such dispositions. The disposition program has been virtually completed in 1993.
Levitt's business is affected by other issues such as housing affordability, increased land costs, legislative growth restrictions, sewer and water