rest rates currently being offered on borrowings of similar amounts and terms to those currently outstanding. Carrying values for variable rate borrowings approximate their fair value.
Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase: Fair values for these obligations are estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis that applies interest rates currently being offered on borrowings of similar amounts and terms to those currently outstanding.
3. Business Combinations
In July 1993, a subsidiary in the Company s Chemical Business acquired an Australian explosives business, Total Energy Systems, Limited ( TES ). TES is a distributor of blasting products and provides blasting services. In January 1992, subsidiaries in the Company s Chemical Business acquired all of the outstanding stock of Slurry Explosive Corporation and certain patent rights from Universal Tech Corporation ( UTC ). One of these subsidiaries acquired the outstanding stock of UTC in September 1992. These acquisitions expand the Company s Chemical Business to include the production and sale of certain patented blasting products and related accessories and services and allow the Company to sell license rights to other companies to manufacture the patented blasting products.
In December 1993, the Company purchased International Bearings Incorporated ("IBI"). IBI is a distributor of agricultural and industrial bearings and is included in the Automotive Products Business.
The results of operations of the acquired entities, recorded using the purchase method of accounting, are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The pro forma effects of the acquisitions on the Company s results of operations for 1993 and 1992 are not significant. Following is a detail of the assets and liabilities acquired in connection with the acquisitions discussed above:
TES and IBI Slurry ---------------------------- 1993 1992 ---------------------------- (In Thousands)
Cash and cas