 the Company, or (ii) by the Company directly with equipment users.
Tax-oriented leases. Under these leases, the Company is considered to be the owner of the equipment for tax purposes during the term of the lease (generally from two to seven years, except for special engine or turbine applications which may range up to 15 years). For financial accounting purposes, these leases are classified as either financing or operating leases depending upon the specific characteristics of the lease. The Company establishes a specific residual value on each product leased based on various factors including the use and application, price, product type, and lease term. Generally, the lessee, at the end of the lease term, may continue to lease the product or purchase the product for its fair market value. The profitability of these leases is affected by the Company's ability to realize estimated residual values upon selling or re-leasing the equipment at the termination of the leases.
Non-tax (financing) leases. Under these leases, the lessee is considered to be the owner of the equipment for tax and financial accounting purposes during the term of the lease (generally from one to six years). For financial accounting purposes, these leases are classified as financing leases. The lessee customarily has a fixed price purchase option exercisable upon expiration of the lease term or will be required to purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term.
Customer and dealer loans. The Company offers loans for working capital and other business purposes to Caterpillar customers and dealers meeting the Company's credit requirements. The loans may be secured or unsecured and are repayable over terms generally ranging from two to five years.
Governmental lease-purchase contracts. The Company finances sales of products to cities, counties, states, and other qualified governmental bodies for terms generally from two to seven years. In general, this form of financing is subject to terminatio