, 1993 was approximately 93%.
Under its full service leases, Transportation maintains and services its railcars, pays ad valorem taxes, and provides many ancillary services. Through its Car Status Service System, for example, the company provides customers with timely information about the location and readiness of their leased cars to enhance and maximize the utilization of this equipment. Transportation also maintains a network of service centers consisting of four major service centers and 23 mobile trucks in 16 locations. Transportation also utilizes independent third-party repair shops.
Transportation purchases most of its new railcars from Trinity Industries, Inc. (Trinity), a Dallas-based metal products manufacturer, under a contract entered into in 1984 and extended from time to time thereafter, most recently in 1992. Transportation anticipates that through this contract it will continue to be able to satisfy its customers' new car lease requirements. Transportation's engineering staff provides Trinity with design criteria and equipment specifications, and works with Trinity's engineers to develop new technology where needed in order to upgrade or improve car performance or in response to regulatory requirements.
The full-service railcar leasing industry is comprised of Transportation, Union Tank Car Company, General Electric Railcar Service Corporation, Shippers Car Line division of ACF Industries, Incorporated, and many smaller companies. Of the approximately 192,000 tank cars owned and leased in the United States at December 31, 1993, Transportation had approximately 48,000. Principal competitive factors include price, service and availability.
Terminals and Pipelines
GATX Terminals Corporation (Terminals) is engaged in the storage, handling and intermodal transfer of petroleum and chemical commodities at key points in the bulk liquid distribution chain. All of its terminals are located near major distribution and transportation points and most are capabl