mployment candidates. Local marketing and recruiting are generally conducted by each office or related group of offices. Advertising directed to clients and employment candidates consists primarily of yellow pages advertisements, classified advertisements and radio. Direct marketing through mail and telephone solicitation also constitutes a significant portion of the Company's total advertising. National advertising conducted by the Company consists primarily of print advertisements in national newspapers, magazines and certain trade journals. The Company also conducts public relations activities designed to enhance public recognition of the Company and its services. Local employees are encouraged to be active in civic organizations and industry and trade groups.
The Company owns many trademarks, service marks and tradenames, including the "ROBERT HALF", "ACCOUNTEMPS" and "OFFICETEAM" marks, which are registered in the United States and in a number of foreign countries.
COMPETITION
The Company faces competition in its efforts to attract clients as well as high-quality specialized employment candidates. The permanent placement business is highly competitive, with a number of firms offering services similar to those provided by the Company, mostly on a regional or local basis. The temporary services industry is also highly competitive. There are several large nationwide operations, some of which have greater resources than the Company. In many areas the local companies are the strongest competitors. The most significant competitive factors in the permanent placement and temporary personnel service markets are price and the reliability of service, both of which are often a function of the availability and quality of personnel. Customers and employment candidates may use more than one permanent or temporary personnel services company.
EMPLOYEES
The Company and its subsidiaries presently employ approximately 1,150 regular full-time employees. The Company's offices employ