alling such at, its manufacturing plant located in El Dorado, Arkansas. The Company anticipates that the total amount that will be expended to acquire, move and install the Plant and Assets will be approximately $12.0 million. As a result of such expansion and the present utilization of the Chemical Business' manufacturing facilities, the Company believes that it's present manufacturing facilities are suitable for it's current operations.
Since the 1940's, the Site has been a manufacturing facility for ammonium nitrate compounds, and until 1969, was a manufacturing facility for ammonia. In 1955, the Site was acquired by Monsanto Company ("Monsanto"), and in June, 1983, Monsanto sold the Site to El Dorado Chemical Company ("EDC"). EDC was acquired by the Company in 1984. Under the agreement with Monsanto, Monsanto agreed to indemnify EDC for any claim which is suffered, incurred or arises due solely out of Monsanto's disposal of chemical or chemical byproducts prior to acquisition of the Site by EDC from Monsanto or the use by Monsanto of any substance prior to the date EDC acquired the Site from Monsanto which is subsequently determined to be deleterious or dangerous to the public's health, safety or welfare. Under the agreement with Monsanto, the indemnification is not assignable to a party to which EDC transfers the Site without the prior written consent of Monsanto, except to any company 100% of the voting stock of which is owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by EDC. Although EDC has operated the Site since its acquisition from Monsanto in 1983, in 1988, EDC transferred ownership of the Site to the Company, which in turn transferred title to its Financial Services subsidiary. All of the outstanding stock of EDC and the Financial Services subsidiary are, directly or indirectly, wholly owned by the Company. Although no consent was obtained from Monsanto when EDC transferred ownership of the Site to its affiliated company to assign the Monsanto indemnificat