ot now operate could have a deterrent effect on the decision to acquire or establish facilities in such states.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
During the fiscal years ended October 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, expenditures for Company-sponsored research and development were $3,209,000, $3,267,000 and $2,268,000, respectively. During fiscal 1993, approximately 51% of those expenditures was incurred by CVP, 24% was incurred by CooperVision and the balance was incurred by CooperSurgical. No customer-sponsored research and development has been conducted.
The Company employs 14 people in its research and development and manufacturing engineering departments. Product development and clinical research for CooperVision products are supported by outside specialists in lens design, formulation science, polymer chemistry, microbiology and biochemistry. At CooperVision, experienced employees work with outside consultants. Product research and development for CooperSurgical is conducted in-house and by outside surgical specialists, including members of both the CooperSurgical and Euro-Med surgical advisory boards.
GOVERNMENT REGULATION
Healthcare Products. The development, testing, production and marketing of the Company's healthcare products is subject to the authority of the FDA and other federal agencies as well as foreign ministries of health. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes and regulations govern the testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, advertising and promotion of such products. Noncompliance with applicable regulations can result in fines, product recall or seizure, suspension of production and criminal prosecution.
The Company is currently developing and marketing both medical devices and drug products. Medical devices are subject to different levels of FDA regulation depending upon the classification of the device. Class III devices, such as contact lenses, require extensive premarket testing and approval procedures, while Class I and II devices a