 of the electric utility industry will operate in the future. The Energy Act creates exemptions from regulation under the Holding Company Act and creates a class of EWG's consisting of utility affiliates and nonutilities that are owners and operators of facilities for the generation and transmission of power for sales at wholesale. These exemptions offer an incentive for Entergy to participate in the development of wholesale power generation. In addition, the Holding Company Act has been amended to allow utilities to compete on a global scale with foreign entities to own and operate generation, transmission, and distribution facilities. The Energy Act also gives FERC the authority to order investor-owned utilities, including the System operating companies, to transmit power and energy to or for wholesale purchasers and sellers. The law creates the potential for electric utilities and other power producers to gain increased access to the transmission systems of other entities to facilitate wholesale sales. FERC may also require electric utilities to increase their transmission capacity to provide these services. The impact of this provision on the System operating companies should be lessened by their joint filing of open access transmission service tariffs with FERC in 1991 (see "Rate Matters and Regulation - Rate Matters - Wholesale Rate Matters," below). The Energy Act also amends PURPA by requiring states to consider (1) new regulatory standards that would require electric utilities to undertake integrated resource planning, and (2) allowing energy efficiency programs to be at least as profitable as new energy supply options. Entergy is unable to predict the ultimate impact the Energy Act will have on its operations.
Wholesale Competition. Entergy has, like other utility systems, generating capacity (most of which is owned by Entergy Power) and energy available for a period of time for sale to other utility systems. The System is in competition with neighboring s