reement restricts Rheox's ability to incur additional indebtedness, restricts its dividend payments and contains other provisions and restrictive covenants customary in lending transactions of this type. The Company has initiated discussions with the agent bank regarding the extension of the revolving credit/letter of credit facility.
In connection with the credit agreement, Rheox has entered into interest rate swap agreements to mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates on the term loan. These swap agreements, which mature December 31, 1994, effectively convert the interest rate on $60 million of the loan (at December 31, 1993) from a variable rate to a fixed rate of 8.1% The effective interest rate on the Rheox term loan was 7.3% at December 31, 1993, including the impact of the swap agreements. At December 31, 1993, the fair value of the swap agreements payable is estimated to be $1 million, which amount represents the estimated cost to the Company if it were to terminate the swap agreements at that date. Rheox is exposed to interest rate risk in the event of nonperformance by the other parties to the agreements. However, Rheox does not anticipate nonperformance by such
parties.
Unused lines of credit available for short-term borrowings under U.S. and non-U.S. credit facilities approximated $14 million and $117 million, respectively, at December 31, 1993.
Other loans consist of non-U.S. mortgage and other borrowings of the Company's subsidiaries denominated primarily in non-U.S. currencies.
Substantially all of the long-term debt of subsidiaries, except to the extent of the interest rate swap agreements relating to the Rheox term loan as noted above, have variable interest rates which adjust with changes in market interest rates or have short terms to maturity, and the book value of such indebtedness is deemed to approximate fair value.
The aggregate maturities of long-term debt at December 31, 1993 are shown in the table below.
NOTE 11 - EMPLOYEE BENEFIT 