 "Business - Recent Developments " for a discussion of the formula to determine the Purchase Price. Of the approximately $92 million, the Company will use approximately $65.4 million, plus interest, to repay a certain indebtedness the Company intends to incur to finance the purchase from Equity Bank of the Retained Corporations. In addition, the Company will use approximately $18.9 million (Equity Bank's carrying value at February 28, 1994) to purchase the Retained Assets. As of this date, the company has made no decision if it will acquire any of the Other Loans. The Company is further required under the Acquisition Agreement to purchase from Equity Bank at the closing of the proposed sale the outstanding amount of Receivables. As of March 31, 1994, Equity Bank owned $13.5 million of such Receivables. The Company plans to use borrowings from the Bank IV Line of Credit to purchase such Receivables from Equity Bank. Further, the Company will use the net balance of the Purchase Price, if any (after repaying the indebtedness incurred to purchase the Retained Corporations and paying for the Retained Assets and transactional costs relating to the sale of Equity Bank) for general working capital purposes.
The sale of Equity Bank pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement is currently estimated to result in a pre-tax gain for financial reporting purposes for the Company of approximately $25.0 million, based upon the currently-expected Purchase Price of approximately $92 million. The exact amount of the Purchase Price will depend on certain factors at the time of closing, and, as a result, the pre-tax gain for financial reporting purposes could be higher or lower depending upon the ultimate amount of the Purchase Price. The Company's tax basis in Equity Bank is higher than its basis for financial reporting purposes. Under current federal income tax laws, the consummation of the Acquisition Agreement and the sale of Equity Bank will not have any federal income tax consequences to