S ultimately may bear some financial responsibility, there can be no assurance that NS will not incur liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which, to a single accounting period or in the aggregate, cannot be estimated reliably now, related to environmental problems that are latent or undiscovered.
However, based on its assessments of the facts and circumstances now known and after consulting with its legal counsel, Management believes that it has recorded appropriate estimates of liability for those environmental matters of which NS is aware.
At year end, a grand jury investigation was under way regarding possible violations of certain environmental statutes in 1989 at Moberly Yard, Moberly, Mo. A more detailed report of this incident, including information concerning its resolution since year end, is set forth under the heading "Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings - ------ ----------------- New Orleans, Louisiana - Tank Car Fire. A number of lawsuits have been filed as a result of a tank car fire which occurred in New Orleans, La., on September 9, 1987, and resulted in the evacuation of many residents of the surrounding area. Plaintiffs allege that they were injured and sustained other economic loss when a chemical called butadiene leaked from a tank car under the control of either CSX Transportation, Inc., or New Orleans Terminal Company (a subsidiary of Norfolk Southern Railway) or both. In addition to the rail defendants, defendants in one or more of the suits include the City of New Orleans, the owner of the tank car (General American Transportation Corporation), the loader of the tank car (GATX Terminals Corporation), and the shipper (Mitsui & Co. (USA Inc.)). The suits, which are pending in the Civil District Court for the parish of Orleans, seek damages ranging from $10,000 to $20,000,000,000. Management, after consulting with its legal counsel, is of the opinion that ultimate liability will not materially affect the consolidated financial positi