based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate. SFAS No. 114 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1994. The Trust's management has not fully evaluated the effects of implementing this statement, but expects that they will not be material as the statement is applicable to debt restructurings and loan impairments after the earlier of the effective date of the statement or the Trust's adoption of the statement.
At its January 26, 1994 meeting, the FASB directed its staff to prepare an exposure draft, that if approved, would eliminate the provisions of SFAS No. 114 that describe how a creditor should recognize income on an impaired loan and add disclosure requirements on income recognized on impaired loans. The effective date of SFAS No. 114 is not anticipated to change.
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.)
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
All other schedules are omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
Board of Trustees of National Income Realty Trust
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of National Income Realty Trust and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. We have also audited the schedules listed in the accompanying index. These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Trust's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit t