es vary. Furthermore, Santa Fe requested that for purposes of our report the Net Profits Royalties be calculated beyond the Liquidation Date of December 31, 2007, even though by the terms of the Trust Agreement the Net Profits Royalties will be sold by the Trustee on or about this date and a liquidating distribution of the sales proceeds from such sale would be made to holders of Trust Units.
The 'Liquid' reserves shown above are comprised of crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids. Natural gas liquids comprise 0.7 percent of the Trust's developed liquid reserves and 0.7 percent of the Trust's developed and undeveloped liquid reserves. All hydrocarbon liquid reserves are expressed in standard 42 gallon barrels. All gas volumes are sales gas expressed in MMCF at the pressure and temperature bases of the area where the gas reserves are located. The estimated future net cash inflows are described later in this report.
Santa Fe has indicated that the conveyance of the Wasson Royalties to the Trust provides that the Trust will receive an additional royalty interest in the Wasson ODC Unit which could be available for Support Payments. Payment of this additional royalty is subject to numerous limitations which are detailed in the Conveyance. The tables shown on Pages A-1 and A-4 include 1,890,522 barrels of oil, $20,000,000 of estimated future net revenue, and $12,662,967 of discounted estimated future net revenue attributable to an additional royalty in respect of Support Payments which have been described to us by Santa Fe.
In accordance with information provided by Santa Fe, proved reserves and revenues attributable to Santa Fe's remaining royalty interest in the Wasson ODC Unit available for Support Payments, which includes the above mentioned reserves and revenues, are presented below.
ESTIMATED FUTURE NET PROVED OIL ESTIMATED REVENUES RESERVES FUTURE NET DISCOUNTED (BBLS) REVENUES -- $ AT 10% -- $ 3,272,552 $ 34,558,352 $ 23,815,495
The Support Payments are lim