o assurances that negotiations to restructure the loan will be successful. The Partnership believes it is unlikely that the unaffiliated joint venture partners will fulfill their funding obligations to 125 Broad and JMB/125. As a result, it appears unlikely that 125 Broad will be able to restructure the mortgage loan. In the event that 125 Broad is unable to restructure the mortgage loan, JMB/125 would likely decide not to commit additional funds to 125 Broad. These circumstances could result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in the investment property.
The ultimate outcome of these circumstances cannot presently be determined. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.
Additionally, as discussed in Notes 3 and 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements, a number of mortgage loans secured by the Partnership's investment properties or investment properties owned by ventures in which the Partnership has an interest, mature in 1994. The Partnership has commenced or intends to commence discussions with the mortgage lenders in order to extend and/or modify such mortgage loans. In the event that discussions with lenders are unsuccessful, the Partnership and its venture partners may be unable or unwilling to commit additional amounts to the investment properties. These circumstances could result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in certain investment properties. The ultimate outcome of these circumstances cannot presently be determined. The Partnership and ventures have recorded provisions for value impairment, where applicable, to reduce the net book value of such properties to the outstanding balance of the related non-recourse financing (Notes 1 and 3 of notes to consolidated financial statements).
KPMG PEAT MARWICK
Chicago, Illinois March 28, 1994
CARLYLE REAL ESTATE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - XV (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED V