rse Controls Business segment operations, consisting of the Morse Controls and Roltra-Morse businesses, manufacture precision mechanical control products and systems that are primarily used for automotive, marine, and industrial applications.
This segment produces, among other products, push-pull cable and control systems used to control and actuate functions, such as steering and valve adjustment, and as an alternative to electrical systems. Applications include throttle control and steering systems for both off-the-road vehicles and pleasure boats. The segment also manufactures a manual gear shift system that is currently used in Fiat and Lotus automobiles, and actuators, window controls, latches and door panels/assemblies for Fiat.
Pumps, Power Transmission & Controls
The Pumps, Power Transmission & Controls Business segment units produce a wide range of products that control the speed, force and direction of motion in processes and products. Major products in this segment include speed reducers, gears, liquid level indicators, transducers and a range of rotary pumps, including a proprietary line of three-screw pumps. These products are used by a diverse customer base in the marine, elevator, oil and gas and general industrial markets. The IMO Pump, Warren Pumps, Boston Gear, Delroyd Worm Gear, Fincor Electronics, Gems Sensors and TransInstruments operations of the Company comprise this Business segment.
The segment's pump operations design and manufacture screw-type fuel, lube oil and hydraulic pumps for use primarily by the marine, process, oil and gas and elevator industries. The segment's three-screw pumps are the leading low-noise-level pumps used in United States Navy vessels and in many commercial vessels. These pumps are also used to power hydraulic elevators, lubricate diesel engines and fuel gas turbines. The segment's two-screw pumps are used by the pulp and paper industry and in other high-viscosity-process applications.
The segment's power transmissi