 during the UMWA dispute.
The increase in other operation expense for 1993 and 1992 resulted primarily from increases in employee benefit costs and salaries and wages. The Financial Accounting Standards Board's (FASB) standard, SFAS No. 106, increased 1993 postretirement benefit expense by approximately $5 million. The subsidiaries are currently recovering approximately 85% of SFAS No. 106 expenses in rates and will be requesting recovery of substantially all of the remainder in 1994 rate cases. During 1992, the subsidiaries implemented significant changes to their benefits plans, including cost caps, in an effort to both control and reduce employee benefits costs. The cost caps provide for future postretirement medical benefit costs to be capped at two times 1993 levels. Because 1993 medical costs were more than actuarially projected, SFAS No. 106 costs for 1994 are expected to be approximately 20% greater than 1993 amounts.
M-4
Another FASB standard, SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits", effective in 1994, requires companies to accrue for other postemployment benefits such as disability benefits, health care benefits for disabled employees, severance pay, and workers' compensation claims. The subsidiaries currently accrue for workers' compensation claims and the estimated liability for the other benefits is not expected to be material.
Maintenance expenses represent costs incurred to maintain the power stations, the transmission and distribution (T&D) system, and general plant, and reflect routine maintenance of equipment and rights-of-way as well as planned major repairs and unplanned expenditures, primarily from forced outages at the power stations and periodic storm damage on the T&D system. Maintenance expense in 1993 includes the effects of an ice storm and blizzard in March 1993. The subsidiaries are also experiencing, and expect to continue to experience, increased expenditures due to the aging of their power stations. Variation