, retrofit and upgrade, and furnish spare parts for a variety of customers operating in the power generation and process, oil and gas industries. The segment has a coordinated aftermarket parts and service program designed to extend the life or increase the efficiency of high-speed rotating machinery manufactured by the Company and others. The aftermarket parts and services program is consolidated in the segment's TurboCare operation. The Turbomachinery segment includes the Delaval Turbine and Delaval Condenser operations as well as the TurboCare operation.
Discontinued Operation
In January 1994, the Company announced its intention to dispose of its Electro-Optical Systems operations which consists of the Company's subsidiaries Varo Inc. and Baird Corporation. Under a plan approved by the Board of Directors, the Company intends to sell these operations in 1994 and has engaged an outside investment banking firm to assist in the divestiture.
In accordance with APB Opinion No. 30, the disposal of this business segment has been accounted for as a discontinued operation and, accordingly, its operating results are segregated and reported as a Discontinued Operation in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Prior year financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.
See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements located in Part IV of this Form 10-K Report as indexed at Item 14 (A)(1) for additional details regarding the discontinued operation.
Restructuring Plan
Asset Divestiture Program
On October 29, 1992, the Company announced a restructuring plan pursuant to which it was seeking the divestiture of operations representing approximately 15% of its assets. The planned divestitures included units of its aerospace businesses, units of its instruments and transducer businesses, certain other non- strategic businesses and underutilized real estate holdings. In January 1994, the Company announced plans to include the El