and one-way voice, data and multimedia communications services and is expected to result in increased competition in the Company's operations. The ability of these future PCS licensees to complement or compete with existing cellular licensees is uncertain and may be affected by future FCC rule-making. These and other future technological developments in the wireless telecommunications industry and the enhancement of current technologies will likely create new products and services that are competitive with the services currently offered by the Company. There can be no assurance that the Company will not be adversely affected by such technological developments.
CELLULAR TELEPHONE OPERATIONS
THE CELLULAR TELEPHONE INDUSTRY. The cellular telephone industry has been in existence for approximately eleven years in the United States. Although the industry is still relatively new, it has grown significantly during this period. According to the Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association, at December 31, 1993, there were estimated to be over 16 million cellular customer units in service in the United States, generating nearly $11 billion of revenue per year. Cellular service is now available throughout the United States. The commercial feasibility of cellular systems in the United States has not, however, been proven over a long period of time.
Cellular telephone technology provides high-quality, high-capacity communications services to in-vehicle cellular telephones and hand-held portable cellular telephones. Cellular technology is a major improvement over earlier mobile telephone technologies. Cellular telephone systems are designed to allow for maximum mobility of the customer. In addition to mobility, cellular telephone systems provide access through system interconnections to local, regional, national and world-wide telecommunications networks. Cellular telephone systems also offer a full range of ancillary services such as conference calling, call-waiting, call-fo