y are potentially responsible parties under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) which generally imposes joint and several liability for cleanup costs. State agencies also have notified certain NS rail subsidiaries that they may be potentially responsible for environmental damages, and in several instances they have agreed voluntarily to initiate cleanup.
For CERCLA sites and all other known environmental incidents where loss or liability is probable, NS has recorded an estimated liability. The amount of that liability, which includes estimated costs of remediation (and any associated restoration) on a site-by-site basis, is expected to be paid over several years. Although the estimated liability usually is expensed in the year it is recorded, certain expenditures relating to real estate development projects have been capitalized. Claims, if any, against third parties for recovery of remediation costs incurred by NS are reflected as receivables in the balance sheet and not netted against the associated NS liability.
Estimates of a company's potential financial exposure even for known environmental claims or incidents are necessarily imprecise because of the widely varying costs of available remediation techniques, the difficulty of determining in advance the nature and extent of contamination and each potential participant's share of an estimated loss, and evolving statutory and regulatory standards governing liability.
The risk of incurring environmental liability -- for acts and omissions, both past and current -- is inherent in railroad operations. Moreover, some of the commodities, particularly those
classified as hazardous materials, in NS' traffic mix can pose special risks, which NS and its subsidiaries work diligently to minimize. In addition, several NS subsidiaries have land holdings that may be leased (and operated by others) or held for sale. Because certain conditions may exist on these properties for which N