e Common Shares issued in respect of the Special General Partner's residual interest in the Partnership and the termination of the agreement with the Advisor will be reinvested through a distribution reinvestment plan in newly issued Common Shares. As a result, the issuance of such Common Shares to the Special General Partner and Advisor will not affect cash flow available for distribution to the former Unitholders of the Partnership until after May 1995.
Management anticipates that annual distributions on account of 1994 operations will be $1.10 per Common Share. The Company expects that an increase in Funds from Operations (before interest) will offset the effect of paying interest on the Floating Rate Notes on a current basis in 1994 and through maturity. The anticipated growth in Funds from Operations in 1994 reflects cost reductions resulting from the termination of the Advisory Agreement, net of costs associated with the Company's planned acquisitions program, and an increase in rental revenues. The Company also received, during the first quarter of 1994, $1,500,000 from the sale of two acres of property to Home Depot, which supplements Funds from Operations available for distribution. During 1994, the Company anticipates that its capital expenditures will be approximately $2,900,000 which it intends to fund from borrowings. The Company is currently pursuing an extension of its existing line of credit, although there can be no assurance that it will receive such an extension. Should it be unable to fund capital expenditures from borrowings, or should there be a shortfall in budgeted revenue growth or an unanticipated increase in interest expense, the Company's ability to maintain distributions at $1.10 per Common Share could be adversely affected.
Commencing in May 1995, the Special General Partner and the Advisor will be entitled to receive cash distributions on their Common Shares. Consequently, in addition to the aforementioned growth in Funds from Operatio