gnificant long-term potential. However, the Company expects that the TiO2 industry will continue to operate at lower capacity utilization levels over the next few years relative to the high utilization levels prevalent during the late 1980s, primarily because of the slow recovery from the worldwide recession and the impact of capacity additions since the late 1980s. The economic recovery has been particularly slow in Europe where a significant portion of the Company's TiO2 manufacturing facilities are located. Kronos has an estimated 17% share of European TiO2 sales and an estimated 9% share of U.S. TiO2 sales. Consumption per capita in the United States and Western Europe far exceeds that in other areas of the world and these regions are expected to continue to be the largest geographic markets for TiO2 consumption. However, if the economies in Eastern Europe, the Far East and China continue to develop, a significant market for TiO2 could emerge in those countries and Kronos believes that it is well positioned to participate in the Eastern European market.
- 1 - PRODUCTS AND OPERATIONS
The Company believes that there are no effective substitutes for TiO2. However, extenders such as kaolin clays, calcium carbonate and polymeric opacifiers are used in a number of Kronos' markets. Generally, extenders are used to reduce to some extent the utilization of higher cost TiO2. The use of extenders has not significantly affected TiO2 consumption over the past decade because extenders generally have, to date, failed to match the performance characteristics of TiO2. The Company believes that the use of extenders will not materially alter the growth of the TiO2 business in the foreseeable future.
Kronos currently produces over 40 different TiO2 grades, sold under the Kronos and Titanox trademarks, which provide a variety of performance properties to meet customers' specific requirements. Kronos' major customers include international paint, paper and plastics manufacturers.
Kron