Group of America, Inc., (HGA) and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the 'Company') and certain other assets and operations owned by an entity affiliated through common ownership. HGA was a wholly owned subsidiary of PsychGroup, Inc. which in turn is wholly-owned by Nu-Med, Inc. ('Nu-Med'). The financial position and results of operations of HGA and its subsidiaries may not necessarily be indicative of conditions that may have existed or the results of operations if the Company had been operated as an unaffiliated entity. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. The Company owns and operates the following psychiatric facilities:
Basis of Presentation -- On May 29, 1992, PSG Acquisition, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of The Cooper Companies, Inc. ('Cooper'), acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of HGA from PsychGroup, Inc. Concurrent with the acquisition, all due from related parties balances as of May 29, 1992 were forgiven. The accompanying financial statements represent the historical position and results of operations of the Company as of April 30, 1991 and for the year then ended. The accompanying financial statements do not reflect the elimination of the due from related parties balances with a corresponding charge to retained earnings which as of May 29, 1992 amounted to $20,595,000.
Net Patient Service Revenue -- Net patient service revenue is recorded at the estimated net realizable amounts from patients, third-party payors, and others for services rendered, including estimated retroactive adjustments under reimbursement agreements with third-party payors. Retroactive adjustments are accrued on an estimated basis in the period the related services are rendered and adjusted in the period as final settlements are determined.
Charity Care -- The Company provides care to indigent patients who meet certain criteria under its charity care policy without charge or at amounts less than its established rates. Because the Comp