in effect, shall be deemed a part hereof to the same extent as if set forth in the Plan (hereinafter referred to as the "Rules and Guidelines"). Any interpretation and construction by the Committee of any provision of, and the determination of any question arising under, the Plan or the Rules and Guidelines shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon the Participant, his/her surviving spouse and all other persons. The provisions of the Plan shall be construed, administered, and enforced according to and governed by the laws of the United States and the State of New York.
8. Entire Agreement: This Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract between any Company and any employee or other person in the employ of any Company, nor shall anything herein contained be deemed to give any employee or other person in the employ of any Company any right to be retained in the employ of any Company or to interfere with the right of any Company to discharge any employee or such other person at any time and to treat an employee without regard to the effect which such treatment might have upon such employee as a Participant in the Plan.
9. Non-Assignability: Neither a Participant, nor his beneficiary or any other person, shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, or otherwise convey the right to receive any payments hereunder; which payments and the right thereto are expressly declared to be nonassignable and nontransferable. In the event of any attempted assignment or transfer, the Companies shall have no further liability hereunder. Nor shall any payments be subject to attachment, garnishment, or execution, or be transferable by operation of law in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency, except to the extent otherwise provided by applicable law.
10. Termination or Amendment: This Plan may be terminated as to any Company at any time and amended from time to time by the Board of Directors of that Company; provided that neither termination nor amendment of the Plan