 Current Commercial Aircraft Market Conditions
The current severe economic downturn within the airline industry has diminished significantly the demand for new and used aircraft, with some airlines defaulting on contracts for firm orders or postponing orders with the manufacturer while also disposing of or grounding a portion of their fleets. This has resulted in an oversupply of aircraft in the market, which has materially adversely affected the values of the Company's aircraft. It is not clear whether this decline in aircraft values will continue. Despite the erosion of aircraft values, the Company believes that the value of realizable sales prices at the end of the lease terms for substantially all the aircraft the Company has leased exceeds the book value projected at the end of the lease terms. If aircraft values remain depressed or continue to decline and the Company is required as a result of customer defaults to repossess a substantial number of aircraft prior to the expiration of the related lease or financing, the Company could incur substantial losses in remarketing the aircraft, which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. In this regard, the Company's financial performance is dependent in part upon general economic conditions which may affect the profitability of commercial airlines.
During 1993, the Company held for sale or lease 17 aircraft and successfully remarketed 11 aircraft, reducing its inventory of aircraft to six at December 31, 1993, with a carrying value of $26.3 million. At December 31, 1993, five of the six aircraft in inventory were the subject of lease commitments with TWA and will be delivered during 1994. The remaining aircraft will be sold to TWA, on a partially financed basis, in early 1994.
- - - Aircraft Leasing
The Company normally purchases commercial aircraft for lease to airlines only when such aircraft are subject to a signed lease contract. At December 31, 1993, the Company owned or p