ther person pursuant to which they were selected as an executive officer.
Page 10 of 54
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The Company's Corporate headquarters and primary manufacturing facilities are located in Seneca Falls, New York. Other domestic manufacturing facilities are also located in Baldwinsville, New York; Ashland, Pennsylvania; Lubbock, Texas; Hudson, New Hampshire; and City of Industry, California. An assembly, shipping, and receiving facility for water systems is maintained in Auburn, New York. International manufacturing facilities are currently located in Italy, Canada, Mexico, Venezuela, South Korea and the Philippines. Lowara maintains subsidiaries outside of Italy which are located in Germany, Belgium, France, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom.
Substantially all manufacturing sites are owned, and most sales offices, warehouses and service facilities are leased. The Company maintains warehouses or distribution centers in Chicago, Illinois; Houston, Texas; Portland, Oregon; Savannah, Georgia; Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and IJmuiden, the Netherlands, which carry inventories of pumps and parts sold to industrial users. The Company maintains regional warehouses to keep inventories of water pump systems and/or deep-well turbine components readily available in the vicinities of Chicago, Illinois; Orlando, Florida; Fresno, California; Memphis, Tennessee; Melbourne, Australia, and Singapore.
During the five years ended December 31, 1993, the Company invested approximately $153 million in capital improvements, primarily relating to upgrades in machinery and equipment. Management believes that the Company's facilities are well maintained and adequate for its operations.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On February 22, 1994, the Company was served with a copy of a sixty day notice given by the Environmental Defense Fund and the National Resources Defense Fund to the Attorney General and other California officials alleging that the Company and other submersibl