. This growth has been accomplished through investment in technology, product and service development, marketing programs and customer service delivery systems. In addition, the Company has broadened its service capability through the acquisition and development of additional businesses.
In October 1989, Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. (CSIM) was formed as a subsidiary of CSC. In January 1990, CSIM became the general investment adviser (employing a sub-adviser to perform portfolio management for certain funds), as well as the administrator for three money market mutual funds organized as portfolios of the then newly organized The Charles Schwab Family of Funds. Substantially all of the balances previously invested by Schwab customers in other money market mutual funds having similar investment objectives were transferred to these money market mutual funds in January 1990. Schwab subsequently introduced additional mutual funds, some as portfolios of two separate Massachusetts business trusts, Schwab Investments and Schwab Capital Trust. The Company refers to all funds for which CSIM is the investment adviser as the SchwabFunds (registered trademark).
During July 1992, Schwab introduced nationally its no-transaction-fee mutual fund service, known as the Mutual Fund OneSource (trademark) service, which by December 31, 1993, enabled customers to trade over 200 mutual funds in 25 well-known fund families without incurring brokerage transaction fees. Customer assets held by Schwab that have been purchased through the Mutual Fund OneSource service, excluding SchwabFunds, totaled $8.3 billion at December 31, 1993.
In response to the continued growth of customer trading activity in Nasdaq securities and a desire to secure a capability to execute customer trades in these and other securities, CSC acquired M&S in July 1991. Since the acquisition, M&S has executed essentially all the Nasdaq security trades originated by the customers of Schwab, which in 1993 accounte