n facilities for compliance with various environmental laws by their respective effective dates. All of Kronos' European plants now use either the low-waste yielding chloride process, or the sulfate process with reprocessing or neutralization of waste acid. Kronos has commenced construction of a $25 million waste acid neutralization facility for its Canadian sulfate process TiO2 plant, which is expected to be completed in mid-1994. Although these upgrades increased operating costs, they are expected to reduce future capital expenditures that Kronos would otherwise need to incur as environmental standards are increased. The Company believes that certain competitors have not upgraded their facilities and are expected to do so in the future or be forced to curtail production due to lack of environmental compliance. See "Regulatory and Environmental Matters".
RHEOX
PRODUCTS AND OPERATIONS
Rheological additives control the flow and leveling characteristics for a variety of products, including paints, inks, lubricants, sealants, adhesives and cosmetics. Organoclay rheological additives are clays which have been chemically reacted with organic chemicals and compounds. Rheox produces rheological additives for both solvent-based and water-based systems. Rheox is the world's largest producer of rheological additives for solvent-based systems, supplying, the Company believes, approximately 40% of the worldwide market, and is also a supplier of rheological additives used in water-based systems. Rheological additives for solvent-based systems accounted for approximately 90% of Rheox's sales in 1993, with the remainder being principally rheological additives for water-based systems. Rheox introduced a number of new products during the past three years, many of which are for water-based systems, which currently represent a larger portion of the market than solvent-based systems and which the Company believes, in the long term, will account for an increasing portion of the market. 