GS.
The Company is a defendant in a number of legal actions relating to its past or present businesses in which plaintiffs are seeking damages.
On November 10, 1992, the Company was charged in an indictment (the 'Indictment'), filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, with violating federal criminal laws relating to a 'trading scheme' by Gary A. Singer, a former Co-Chairman of the Company (who went on a leave of absence on May 28, 1992, begun at the Company's request, and who subsequently resigned on January 20, 1994), and others, including G. Albert Griggs, Jr., a former analyst with The Keystone Group, Inc., and John D. Collins II, to 'frontrun' high yield bond purchases by the Keystone Custodian Funds, Inc., a group of mutual funds. The Company was named as a defendant in 10 counts. Gary Singer was named as a defendant in 24 counts, including violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act and the mail and wire fraud statutes (including defrauding the Company by virtue of the 'trading scheme', by, among other things, transferring profits on trades of DR Holdings, Inc. 15.5% bonds (the 'DR Holdings Bonds') from the Company to members of his family during fiscal 1991), money laundering, conspiracy, and aiding and abetting violations of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the 'Investment Advisers Act'), by an investment advisor.
On January 13, 1994, the Company was found guilty on six counts of mail fraud and one count of wire fraud based upon Mr. Singer's conduct, but acquitted of charges of conspiracy and aiding and abetting violations of the Investment Advisers Act. Mr. Singer was found guilty on 21 counts. One count
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
against Mr. Singer and the Company was dismissed at trial and two counts against Mr. Singer relating to forfeiture penalties were resolved by stipulation between the government 