e individuals currently serving as trustees of the Borrower, as long as they continue in office, and all other individuals then in office who have been duly elected or appointed as trustees of the Borrower.
Section 9.12. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Note set forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and therefor and supersede all previous understandings, written or oral, in respect thereof.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.
FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST
By:/s/ Ron D. Kaplan -------------------------- Ron D. Kaplan Vice President - Capital Markets
4800 Hampden Lane Bethesda, Maryland 20814 Attention: Legal Department
MELLON BANK, N.A.
By:/s/ Frederick A. Felter --------------------------- Frederick A. Felter Vice President
1735 Market Street Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103
D15340.A(RE)
Exhibit A - Note
$15,000,000 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February __, 1994
For Value Received, FEDERAL REALTY INVESTMENT TRUST, a District of Columbia unincorporated business trust (the "Borrower"), promises to pay to the order of MELLON BANK, N.A. (the "Bank"), the unpaid principal amount of each Advance made by the Bank to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement referred to below on the Termination Date provided, or as otherwise provided, in the Credit Agreement. The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each such Advance on the dates and at the rate or rates provided for in the Credit Agreement. All such payments of principal and interest shall be made in lawful money of the United States in Federal or other immediately available funds at the office of the Bank, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
All Advances made by the Bank, the respective types and maturities thereof and all repayments of the principal thereof shall be recorded by the Bank and, prior to any trans