r 28, 1989, LP&L entered into arrangements for the sale and leaseback of an approximate aggregate 9.3% ownership interest in Waterford 3. LP&L has options to terminate the leases and to repurchase the sold interests in Waterford 3 at certain intervals during the basic terms of the leases. Further, at the end of the terms of the leases, LP&L has options to renew the leases or to repurchase the interests in Waterford 3. If LP&L does not exercise its options to repurchase the interests in Waterford 3 on the fifth anniversary (September 28, 1994) of the closing date of the sale and leaseback transactions, LP&L will be required to provide collateral to the owner participants for the equity portion of certain amounts payable by LP&L under the lease. The required collateral is either a bank letter or letters of credit or the pledging of new series of first mortgage bonds issued by LP&L under its first mortgage bond indenture. (For further information on LP&L's sale and leaseback arrangements, including the required maintenance by LP&L of specified capitalization and fixed charge coverage ratios, see Note 9 of LP&L's Notes to Financial Statements, "Leases - Waterford 3 Lease Obligations," incorporated herein by reference.)
System Energy. On December 28, 1988, System Energy entered into arrangements for the sale and leaseback of an 11.5% ownership interest in Grand Gulf 1. System Energy has options to terminate the leases and to repurchase the undivided interest in Grand Gulf 1 at certain intervals during the basic lease term. Further, System Energy has an option at the end of the basic lease term to renew the leases or to repurchase the undivided interest in Grand Gulf 1. In connection with the equity funding of the sale and leaseback arrangements, letters of credit are required to be maintained by System Energy under the leases to secure certain amounts payable for the benefit of the equity investors. The letters of credit currently maintained are effective until January 1