d 1992, and the related statements of income, shareowner's equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 14 (a). These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Southwestern Bell Telephone Company at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
As discussed in Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements, in 1993 the Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions, postemployment benefits and income taxes.
/s/ Ernst & Young
San Antonio, Texas February 11, 1994
Southwestern Bell Telephone Company Statements of Income (Dollars in millions) 1993 