ighly competitive environment. Competition in the healthcare industry revolves around the search for technological and therapeutic innovations in the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of illness or disease. TCC competes primarily on the basis of product quality, technological benefit, service and reliability, as perceived by medical professionals.
Healthcare Products. Numerous companies are engaged in the development and manufacture of contact lenses and ophthalmic pharmaceuticals. CooperVision competes primarily on the basis of product quality, service and reputation among medical professionals and by its participation in specialty niche markets. It has been, and continues to be, the sponsor of clinical lens studies intended to generate information leading to the improvement of CooperVision's lenses from a medical point of view. Major competitors have greater financial resources and larger research and development and sales forces than CooperVision. Furthermore, many of these competitors offer a greater range of contact lenses, plus a variety of other eye care products, which gives them a competitive advantage in marketing their lenses.
In the surgical segment, competitive factors are technological and scientific advances, product quality, price and effective communication of product information to physicians and hospitals. CooperSurgical believes that it benefits, in part, from the technological advantages of certain of its products and from the ongoing development of new medical procedures, which creates a market for equipment and instruments specifically tailored for use in such new procedures. CooperSurgical competes by focusing on distinct niche markets and supplying medical personnel working in those markets with equipment, instruments and disposable products that are high in quality and that, with respect to certain procedures, enable a medical practitioner to obtain from one source all of the equipment, instruments and disposable products required to perf