Regional Water Quality Control Board, and the Department of Toxic Substances Control. The complaint alleges several categories of violations, namely, discharge into marine and state waters, failure to report discharge, destruction of natural resources, failure to warn and exposure to known carcinogens (benzene/toluene), public nuisance, unauthorized disposal of hazardous waste, and labeling violations for "recycled" diluent material. Injunctive
relief and civil penalties are demanded for the various claimed violations as well as prejudgment and postjudgment interest, costs, and reasonable attorney fees.
Cleanup and remediation of the Field are continuing. The ultimate cost of that effort and the outcome of civil litigation are presently undetermined. In the opinion of management, however, the likely financial outcome of this event and the ensuing litigation could be substantial but will not result in any loss which would materially affect the company's financial position or operations.
( 5 ) In the McColl dumpsite litigation, the defendants have reached a partial tentative settlement of $18 million of claims for past costs by the EPA. The company's share of the settlement is 18.75%, and the settlement is awaiting final language and judicial approval, U.S.A., et al. v. Shell Oil company, et ----------------------------------------- al., CV-91-0589 RKJ (EX), United States District Court, Central District of - --- California. Still remaining is the EPA determination on the parameters of the final remedy at the site. The defendants' counterclaims also remain.
Predesign and design of the proposed remedial solution (soft material solidification) continues as the result of an agreed order.
( 6 ) The company was cited by the EPA as one of 14 respondents to an Administrative Order issued under Section 106 of CERCLA ("Superfund") regarding the Gulf Coast Vacuum Site in Abbeville, Louisiana, which is an abandoned oil and gas exploration and production waste site. Under this Or