tal, life and disability plans.
Nuclear Regulatory Licenses
In the United States, Measurex and its customers are subject to licensing and regulation by the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (the Act) with respect of those parts of its products and systems which utilize nuclear radiation. The NRC has transferred a portion of its licensing and regulatory functions to several state governments, including California, pursuant to Section 274 of the Act. Measurex holds all such licenses necessary for its current operations. Licenses are renewed periodically as required.
Measurex also holds all necessary foreign licenses regarding nuclear radiation for the applicable countries in which it operates.
United States customers possessing Measurex systems containing radioactive sources hold the radioactive material under a General or Specific License issued by their state or federal regulatory authority. Similarly, foreign customers hold licenses issued by their local authorities for radioactive material in Measurex systems.
Licenses to Export from the United States
Measurex is subject to licensing and regulation by the United States Department of Commerce under the Export Administration Act of 1969, as amended and extended, with respect to Measurex systems or parts thereof, exported from the United States or by any of its subsidiaries.
Industry Segments
Measurex operates within the computer-integrated control and information systems industry. All necessary disclosures regarding revenues, earnings from operations and identifiable assets are included in "Business Segments" under Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders.
Geographic Segments
For information regarding geographic operations in 1993, 1992, and 1991, see "Business Segments" included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders.
Measurex is subject to the norm