lopment section of this report for the announced SEC filing March 16, 1994 for the proposed spin-off of TRIPOS.
Design Software (CDRS) sales were significantly higher in 1993 compared to 1992. The CDRS software offerings, the Freedom Series graphic accelerator, and the Sun Microsystems workstation are providing a winning combination as tools for styling and design. The CDRS products are now available on more platforms than any competitive products and will support the IBM/E&S platform at introduction in 1994. Ford Motor Company has renewed its commitment to CDRS with additional R&D funding, reaffirming CDRS as the leading product in the automotive styling market.
The total number of civil airline visual systems ordered throughout the world declined markedly during the period 1991 through 1993. The Company's world civil pilot training business declined 37% in each of the periods 1992 to 1993 and 1991 to 1992, reflecting this continuing severe downturn. In 1993 the Company's share of new order placements dropped dramatically. The Company believes this drop, from a historically dominant position to approximately a 25% share of the new order business, was due to the failure of Rediffusion to appropriately focus its efforts on the independent visual business as it had in the past. Rediffusion made organizational changes in 1993 which included disbanding the business unit which had accounted for the bulk of the sales of the Company's products to the civil airline market.
On December 31, 1993, Thomson purchased Rediffusion from Hughes Aircraft, including the responsibilities under the working agreement between Evans & Sutherland and Rediffusion. This agreement, which runs through October, 1997, covers the marketing of the Company's products to the civil airlines and to specific segments of the United Kingdom military market. Discussions between Thomson and the Company, with regard to the nature of the ongoing relationship, are being conducted. Thomson has invoked an 18 mon