y filed with the district court a motion to correct the judgment to reflect the cancellation of the outstanding debentures, which motion is still pending.
Arthur Arrighi, et al. vs. KPMG Peat Marwick, BFC Financial Corporation; Alan B. Levan; Frank V. Grieco; Glen Gilbert; Al DiBenedetto; BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank; Georgeson & Company, Inc.,; First Equity Corporation of Florida; I.R.E. Advisors Series 25, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 27, Corp.; I.R.E. Income Advisors, Corp.; and National Realty Consultants, in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, Case No. 92-1206-CDR. This case was filed on March 20, 1992 by more than 2,000 former limited partners in Series 25, Series 27 and Income Fund. The complaint alleged that BFC and certain other defendants developed a fraudulent scheme commencing in 1972 to sell the plaintiffs limited partnership units with the undisclosed goal of later taking over the assets of the partnerships in exchange for securities in a new entity in which the defendant Alan B. Levan would be a major shareholder. The complaint further alleged that the defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in connection with the sale of the original limited partnership units in the 1980s and in connection with the 1991 Exchange, and fraudulently tallied the votes in connection with the 1991 Exchange and Solicitation of Consents described above.
On March 2, 1994, the parties entered into an agreement to settle this action pursuant to which BFC will pay approximately eighty-one percent (81%) of the face amount of the outstanding debentures held by plaintiffs and the debentures will be canceled pursuant to the procedures outlined in the agreement. The settlement is subject to, among other things, court approval. Upon effectiveness, the settlement of this action will be dismissed with prejudice and the parties will exchange releases. Settlement of this matter will result in a gain to BFC for financial statement pur