west and California. Customers for specialty steel are located throughout the United States, but the Company is most competitive in the west, southwest and midwest. Incremental transportation costs for steel plate limit the Company's ability to compete in the eastern states' market.
Large diameter steel pipe is marketed on a global basis. During 1993 the Company began to market large diameter pipe internationally and believes this will become a viable market for its pipe products. The Company believes that the quality of its pipe enables it to compete effectively in this market. Domestically the Company is most competitive in the steel pipe market west of the Mississippi River. The Camrose Facility is most competitive in western Canada. Sales of large diameter pipe generally consist of a small number of large orders and generally involve the Company responding to requests to submit bids.
The principal customers for ERW pipe produced at the Camrose Facility are in the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia, where most of Canada's natural gas and oil is located, as well as the northwestern United States. The primary customers for this product are oil and natural gas companies who utilize ERW for gathering lines to supply their product to feed the larger distribution pipelines.
CF&I Steel Division
Rail is sold directly to major railroads, rail contractors, transit districts and short-line railroads. The primary market for the Pueblo Steel Mill's rail is the major western railroads. The Company estimates its share of the domestic rail market in 1993 was 43%.
OCTG is sold primarily through distributors to a large number of oil exploration and production companies. Sales of standard and line pipe are made both through distributors and directly to oil and gas transmission and production companies. The market for the Company's OCTG product is primarily domestic and focused in the western and southwestern United States. The demand for this product is determined by the num