cant Accounting Policies a. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in affiliates are accounted for under the equity method. Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation.
b. Petroleum Operations The Company uses the successful efforts method of accounting for its oil and gas operations. The costs of unproved leaseholds are capitalized pending the results of exploration efforts. Significant unproved leasehold costs are assessed periodically, on a property-by-property basis, and a loss is recognized to the extent, if any, that the cost of the property has been impaired. The costs of individually insignificant unproved leaseholds estimated to be nonproductive are amortized over estimated holding periods based on historical experience. Exploratory dry holes and geological and geophysical charges are expensed. Depletion of proved leaseholds and amortization and depreciation of the costs of all development and successful exploratory drilling are provided by the unit-of- production method based upon estimates of proved and proved-developed oil and gas reserves, respectively, for each property. The estimated costs of dismantling and abandoning offshore and significant onshore facilities are provided currently using the unit-of-production method; such costs for other onshore facilities are insignificant and are expensed as incurred. The costs of refining and processing equipment and facilities are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
The Company uses the entitlement method for recording natural gas sales revenues. Under the entitlement method of accounting, revenue is recorded based on the Company's net working interest in field production. Deliveries of natural gas in excess of the Company's working interest are