eaningful impact on the ability of the Company to meet its cash obligations.
In 1994, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("FAS") No. 112, "Employer's Accounting for Postemployment Benefits." This standard covers the accounting for estimated costs of benefits provided to former or inactive employees before their retirement. The implementation of this new standard is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company's results of operations or financial position.
In 1993, the Company adopted changes in accounting for post-retirement benefits as required by FAS No. 106, "Employer's Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." See Note 11 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company's operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. The Company anticipates annual capital expenditures of $20 to $40 million over the next several years aimed at compliance with such laws and regulations. Additionally, appropriate governmental authorities may enforce the laws and regulations with a variety of civil and criminal enforcement measures, including monetary penalties and remediation requirements.
The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, also known as "Superfund," as reauthorized, imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original act, for disposal of a "hazardous substance." Certain subsidiaries of the Company have been named as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") in several "Superfund" waste disposal sites. At the 15 sites for which the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has developed sufficient information to estimate total clean-up costs of approximately $350 million, the Company estimates its pro-rata exposure to be paid over a period of several years is approximately $5 million, and has made appropriate provisions. At three other sites, EPA is currently unable to provide the Company with an estim