peline's cost of service from that approved in the settlement of ANR Pipeline's last rate case and a $218 million increase over ANR Pipeline's approved rates for its restructured services. The increase represents higher plant investment, Order 636 restructuring costs, rate of return and tax rate changes and increased costs related to the required adoption of recent accounting rule changes, i.e., FAS 106 and FAS 112. The FERC has permitted ANR Pipeline to place its new rates into effect on May 1, 1994, subject to refund, and subject to further orders.
On July 2, 1993, CIG submitted to the FERC an unanimous offer of settlement which resolved all the Order 636 restructuring issues which had been raised in its restructuring proceedings. That settlement was ultimately approved (except for minor issues), and CIG's restructured services became effective October 1, 1993.
CIG has "unbundled" its gas sales from its other services. Separate gathering, transportation, storage and other services are available on a "stand- alone" basis to any customers desiring them. CIG's Order 636 transition costs are not expected to be material.
On March 31, 1993, CIG filed at FERC to increase its rates by approximately $26.5 million annually. Such rates (adjusted to reflect CIG's Order 636 program) became effective subject to refund on October 1, 1993.
CIG, ANR Pipeline, ANR Storage Company and Wyoming Interstate Company, Ltd., subsidiaries, are regulated by the FERC. Certain regulatory issues remain unresolved among these companies, their customers, their suppliers and the FERC. The Company has made provisions which represent management's assessment of the ultimate resolution of these issues. While the Company estimates the provisions to be adequate to cover potential adverse rulings on these and other issues, it cannot estimate when each of these issues will be resolved.
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION - The Company's operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws 