er equipment marketplace, even IBM has been adversely affected by wide-spread competition in this industry. Given the high degree of competition and rapid pace of technological development in the computer equipment industry, revolutionary changes with respect to pricing, marketing practices, technological innovation and the availability of new and attractive financing plans could occur at almost any time. Significant action in any of these areas might materially and adversely affect the remarketability of equipment owned by the Partnership. Any such adverse effect on remarketability could also be reflected in the overall return realized by the Partnership. The General Partner believes that IBM and its competitors will continue to make significant
Page 5 of 36
Item 1. Business (continued):
Narrative Description of Business (continued):
advances in the computer equipment industry, some of which may result in revolutionary changes with respect to small, medium and large computer systems. The Partnership will maintain working capital reserves in an amount which will fluctuate from time to time depending upon the needs of the Partnership, but which will be at least one percent of the gross offering proceeds.
Other.
A brief description of the type of assets in which the Partnership has invested as of December 31, 1993, together with information concerning the uses of assets is set forth in Item 2.


Item 2. Properties.
The Partnership is engaged in the equipment leasing and financing industry and as such, does not own or operate any principal plants, mines or real property. The primary assets held by the Partnership are its investments in leases and loans.
As of December 31, 1993, the Partnership owns equipment and has outstanding loans to borrowers with an aggregate original cost of $44,250,000. The equipment and loans have been made to customers located throughout the United States. The following table summarizes the type of equipment owned or financed by the Partnershi