the software, both third-party and internally developed, that they have been using on their current Convex products.
Convex believes that the combination of its UNIX-based operating system, advanced compiler technology, third party application program availability, and networking products offer its customers increased productivity and ease-of-use, thereby increasing market acceptance of its systems. The foundation of the Convex software environment is the ConvexOS operating system, an enhanced high- performance version of UNIX 4.2 and 4.3bsd developed at the University of California, Berkeley. Extensions range from file system performance enhancements, which enable programs to profit from the innate parallelism in the input/output systems, to features allowing a single process greater access to system resources such as memory.
One of the Company's major technological achievements has been its development of a vectorizing/optimizing/parallelizing compiler technology that enables Convex systems to utilize existing applications software. This compiler technology, currently available for FORTRAN, C and Ada, permits programmers to take advantage of vector and parallel processing without learning new programming techniques. The compilers identify opportunities for optimization and vectorization, instruction pipelining, and parallel processing and then automatically generate software code that best utilizes the Convex architecture. In addition, Convex offers the Convex Application Compiler which identifies opportunities for parallelization across a customer's entire software application.
The availability of third-party application software is often a critical element of a customer's decision criteria when evaluating computer systems. Convex actively promotes and supports the development and conversion of third-party application software to run on Convex hardware. Over 1300 third-party applications are now available on Convex systems, including industry-leading programs use