n Act ("CERCLA"), as well as the state counterparts of these statutes. The Company believes that all of its U.S. plants and the Louisiana plant owned and operated by the joint venture are in substantial compliance with applicable requirements of these laws. From time to time, the Company's facilities may be subject to environmental regulatory enforcement under such statutes. Resolution of such
- 7 - matters typically involves the establishment of compliance programs. Occasionally, resolution may result in the payment of penalties, but to date such penalties have not involved amounts having a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
The Company's European and Canadian production facilities operate in an environmental regulatory framework in which governmental authorities typically are granted broad discretionary powers which allow them to issue operating permits required for the plants to operate. The Company believes all its European plants are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws.
While the laws regulating operations of industrial facilities in Europe vary from country to country, a common regulatory denominator is provided by the European Union (the "EU"). Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom, members of the EU, follow the initiatives of the EU. Norway, although not a member, generally patterns its environmental regulatory actions after the EU. The Company believes Kronos is in substantial compliance with agreements reached with European environmental authorities and with an EU directive to control the effluents produced by TiO2 production facilities. The Company believes Rheox is in substantial compliance with the environmental regulations in Germany and the United Kingdom.
In order to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions into the atmosphere, Kronos is installing off-gas desulfurization systems at its German plants at an estimated cost of $24 million. The manufacturing join