he issuance of commercial paper; (iii) the issuance of unsecured intermediate-term debt in the public and private markets; (iv) borrowings available from short-term and revolving credit facilities with commercial banks; and (v) receivables purchase facilities.
Issuance of Short- and Intermediate-Term Debt
Commercial paper, with maturities ranging from 1 to 270 days, is the primary source of short-term debt. The average commercial paper interest rate incurred during 1993 was 3.11%.
Associates issues intermediate-term debt publicly and privately in the domestic and foreign markets. During the year ended December 31, 1993, Associates raised $3.6 billion through public and private offerings at a weighted average effective interest rate and a weighted average term of 5.64% and 6.5 years, respectively.
Credit Facilities and Related Borrowings
Associates policy is to maintain bank credit facilities in support of its net short-term borrowings consistent with market conditions. Bank credit facilities provide a means of refinancing maturing commercial paper obligations as needed. At December 31, 1993, short-term bank lines and revolving credit facilities with banks totaled $8.2 billion, none of which was in use at that date. These facilities represented 80% of net short-term borrowings outstanding at December 31, 1993. Bank lines and revolvers may be withdrawn only under certain standard conditions. Associates pays fees or maintains compensating balances or utilizes a combination of both to maintain the availability of its bank credit facilities. Fees are .05% to .25% of 1% per annum of the amount of the facilities.
At December 31, 1993 and 1992, Associates short-term debt, as defined, as a percent of total debt was 52%. Short-term debt, for purposes of this computation, includes the current portion of long-term debt but excludes short-term investments. See NOTES 5, 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of credit facilities, notes payable and long