ess it determines that any applicable condition specified in this Agreement has not been satisfied) make the amount to be borrowed available to the Borrower not later than 2:00 P.M. (Eastern Time) on the date of the proposed loan by wire transfer of such funds to such account as the Borrower shall specify in its request for such Advance.
Section 2.3. The Note. The Advances shall be evidenced by, and shall be repayable with interest in accordance with, a single note substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto and appropriately completed (the "Note"). The Bank shall record on its books, and prior to any transfer of the Note shall make on the schedule forming a part thereof appropriate notations to evidence, the date and amount of each Advance and the date and amount of each payment of principal made by the Borrower with respect thereto; provided, however, that any failure of the Bank to make such a notation or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of the Note. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the Bank to record such information and to make such notations.
Section 2.4. Interest Rates.
(a) If the Borrower elects, or this Agreement otherwise provides, that an Advance shall bear interest at the Prime-Based Rate, such Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from and including the date on which such Advance is made to but excluding the date on which such Advance is due, at a rate per annum equal to the Prime Rate for such day minus 1.00%. The Prime-Based Rate shall be adjusted
automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in the Prime Rate. All such interest shall be payable on the first day of each month.
(b) If the Borrower elects that an Advance shall bear interest at the Euro-Dollar-Based Rate, such Advance shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day during the applicable In