e Committee meets with management and the internal auditors to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The Committee also meets with the independent accountants and internal auditors, without management present, to discuss internal control structure, auditing and financial reporting matters.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Dresser Industries, Inc.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 14(A)(1) and (2) and 14(D) on page present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Dresser Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries at October 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
As discussed in Notes A, G and M to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions, and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, both e