uation, which includes a review of all loans on which full collectibility may not be reasonably assured and considers, among other matters, the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral on the loan and such factors as changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, review of specific non-performing loans, and current economic conditions and trends that may affect the borrower's ability to repay. Increases in the allowance for loan losses are recorded when losses are both probable and estimable. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review BankAtlantic's allowance for loan losses. Such agencies may require BankAtlantic to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. Construction and Development Lending - BankAtlantic's construction and development lending generally requires an equity investment in the form of contributed assets from the borrower. Other than advances to joint ventures, BankAtlantic has no loans which provide for a participation in profits at December 31, 1993 and 1992. Accordingly, construction and development lending arrangements have been classified and accounted for as loans. Non-Accrual Loans and Real Estate Owned - Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when the loans become 90 days past due as to principal and interest or when, in management's opinion, collection of interest or principal becomes uncertain. Accrued interest is reversed against current income, amortization of deferred net fees and discounts are discontinued, and interest income collected is recognized when the loan is returned to a current status. Loans that have been placed on non-accrual are generally not restored to an accrual basis until all delinquent principal and/or interest has been brought current. Real estate owned ("REO") is comprised of real estate acquired in settl