 hazardous substances into the environment from a facility located in Norco, California, treble damages and $1.75 million in penalties for the Company's alleged failure to comply with the U.S. EPA's administrative order No. 88-13. The order, which alleged that the Company arranged for the treatment or disposal of materials at the Norco site, directed the immediate removal of hazardous substances from the site. The Company carried out a portion of the remedy at the Norco site, but did not complete the ordered activities because it believed they were in conflict with California law. The Company answered the complaint denying liability. The government now claims it expended in excess of $2.7 million for this matter. Trial was held in March and April 1993. The judge has preliminarily indicated that the Company will be ordered to pay response costs plus an amount which is the product of a multiplier of 1.625 to be applied to a portion of those costs, which amount has not yet been determined. In May 1993, the government submitted Proposed Supplemental Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law Regarding Response Costs and Penalty Amount stating that the amount owed is $6.7 million. The Company's response states that the total of recoverable response costs and penalty is $6.4 million. The Court has not yet entered final judgment in this matter.
- 16 - At a municipal and industrial waste disposal site in Batavia, New York, the Company and six others have been identified as PRPs. The U.S. EPA has divided the site into two operable units. Pursuant to an administrative consent order entered into with the U.S. EPA, the Company is conducting a RIFS for operable unit one, the closure of the industrial waste disposal section of the landfill. The Company's RIFS costs to date are approximately $1.9 million. With respect to the second operable unit, the extension of the municipal water supply, the U.S. EPA estimated the costs at $1 million plus annual operation and maintenance costs. Th