xcept per share amounts, are stated in thousands unless otherwise indicated. Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior years' financial statements to conform with the current year presentation.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Utility plant in-service and construction work in progress are stated at original cost of construction, less contributions in aid of construction, which includes, where appropriate, payroll related costs such as taxes, pensions, other employee benefits, general and administrative costs and an allowance for funds used during construction. Gain or loss is recognized upon the disposition of significant utility properties and other property constituting operating units. Gain or loss from minor dispositions of property is charged or credited to accumulated depreciation and amortization. The Company capitalizes the cost of significant internally developed computer software systems.
Acquisitions are recorded at the historical book carrying value of utility plant. Additional purchase cost assigned to utility plant is the excess of the purchase price over the book carrying value of utility plant purchased. In general, the Company has not been allowed direct recovery of additional purchase cost assigned to utility plant in rates. Periodically, the Company evaluates the carrying value of its additional purchase cost assigned to utility plant by comparing the anticipated future operating income from the businesses giving rise to the additional purchase cost with the unamortized balance.
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
Depreciation of utility plant is provided at an average straight-line rate of approximately 3% per annum of the cost of such depreciable properties less applicable salvage. Franchises are being amortized over their respective lives. Depreciation and amortization of other property is provided at straight-line rates estimated to recover the costs of the properties, after allowance for salvage, over their respective lives. Amortization o