al's current and accumulated earnings and profits, distributions in redemption of stock, and distributions in partial or complete liquidation of St. Paul Federal will be considered to result in withdrawals from its bad debt reserves.
Savings institutions, such as St. Paul Federal, are also entitled to limited special tax treatment with respect to the deductibility of interest expense relating to certain tax-exempt obligations and the carryback and carryforward periods for certain net operating losses. Savings institutions are entitled to deduct 100% of their interest expense allocable to the purchase or carrying of tax exempt obligations acquired before 1983. The deduction is reduced to 80% with respect to obligations acquired after 1982. For taxable years ending after 1986, however, the Tax Reform Act of 1986 (the "Tax Act") eliminates the
deduction entirely for obligations purchased after August 7, 1986 (except for certain issues by small municipal issuers). St. Paul Federal does not own any obligations that are exempt for federal income tax purposes. Savings institutions are subject to the same carryover rules as regular corporations (i.e., they are able to carry net operating losses back for only three years but forward for 15 years) for losses incurred in the tax years beginning after 1986.
Depending on the composition of its items of income and expense, a savings institution may be subject to the alternative minimum tax. For tax years beginning after 1986, a thrift institution must pay an alternative minimum tax equal to the amount (if any) by which 20% of alternative minimum taxable income ("AMTI"), as reduced by an exemption varying with AMTI, exceeds the regular tax due. AMTI equals regular taxable income increased or decreased by certain adjustments and increased by certain tax preferences, including depreciation deductions in excess of that allowable for alternative minimum tax purposes, tax-exempt interest on most private activity bonds issued after Augu