fied as either short-term or long-term depending on the date the obligation is due.
Mortgages and other notes receivable
Mortgages and other notes receivable are reflected at the lower of face or market value at July 31, 1992. Generally, the carrying amount of the portfolio of mortgages and other notes receivable is reduced through write-offs and by maintaining an aggregate loan valuation reserve at a level that, in the opinion of management, is adequate to absorb potential losses in the portfolio. To determine the appropriate level for the loan valuation reserve, management evaluates various factors including: general and regional economic conditions; the credit worthiness of the borrower; the nature and level of any delinquencies in the payment of principal or interest; and the adequacy of the collateral. Interest on delinquent loans (including impaired loans that have required writedowns or specific reserves) is only recognized when cash is received. The amount of interest income recognized on mortgages and other notes receivable is generally based on the loan's effective interest rate and adjusted carrying value of the note.
Property, equipment and leasehold improvements
Property, equipment and leasehold improvements that the Company intends to continue to operate are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization at June 30, 1992 and 1991 and at fair market value as of July 31, 1992. Provision is made for depreciation and amortization using the straightline method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
The Company intends to sell or otherwise dispose of those remaining operating and non-operating properties that have generated losses or insufficient returns on investment. Properties identified for disposal are stated at their estimated net realizable value through valuation reserves or writedowns.
Income recognition on property sales and deferred income
Income is generally recognized when properties used in the hotel business are sold. Ho