llion. Exposure to loss of principal on such loans was estimated to be approximately $273,000, all of which was considered in the reserve for possible loan losses at December 31, 1993.
Under the Acquisition Agreement the Company has agreed to purchase from Equity Bank at the closing of the Sale of Equity Bank the real estate owned by Equity Bank that was acquired by Equity Bank through foreclosure for Equity Bank's then carrying value for such real estate. In addition, the Company has the option, but not the obligation to acquire any loan owned by Equity Bank that has been charged off or written down for a price equal to the net book value of such loan that has been written down and for a price of $1.00 in the case of each loan that has been charged off. See "Business- Recent Developments".
Loans to executive officers and directors (or their associates) of Equity Bank and its principal subsidiaries are made in the ordinary course of business. These transactions are conducted on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons and do not involve more than normal risk or present other unfavorable features at the time they are made. No related party loans were identified by management as potential problem loans at December 31, 1993.
Termination of Supervisory Agreement: ------------------------------------
During May 1991, as a result of a regulatory examination in 1990, Equity Bank entered into a Supervisory Agreement with the OTS. This agreement contained operating restrictions on Equity Bank, including limiting the overall growth of Equity Bank's assets and liabilities to specified levels, restricting investments, precluding the payment of cash and stock dividends and increasing reporting requirements. The agreement also mandated certain administrative actions to be taken, including the preparation and/or modification of policies and procedures and the addition of Board members considered not affiliated with