Refer to information under the heading "Arkansas Power & Light Company Selected Financial Data - Five-Year Comparison," which information is incorporated herein by reference.
GSU. Refer to information under the heading "Gulf States Utilities Company Selected Financial Data - Five-Year Comparison," which information is incorporated herein by reference.
LP&L. Refer to information under the heading "Louisiana Power & Light Company Selected Financial Data - Five-Year Comparison," which information is incorporated herein by reference.
MP&L. Refer to information under the heading "Mississippi Power & Light Company Selected Financial Data - Five-Year Comparison," which information is incorporated herein by reference.
NOPSI. Refer to information under the heading "New Orleans Public Service Inc. Selected Financial Data - Five-Year Comparison," which information is incorporated herein by reference.
System Energy. Refer to information under the heading "System Energy Resources, Inc. Selected Financial Data - Five-Year Comparison," which information is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7.
Item 7 "Financial Statements and Exhibits".
A current report on Form 8-K, dated January 18, 1994, was filed with the SEC on January 18, 1994, reporting information under Item 5 "Other Materially Important Events".
A current report on Form 8-K, dated February 1, 1994, was filed with the SEC on February 8, 1994, reporting information under Items 2 and 7.
Entergy Corporation, AP&L, GSU, LP&L, MP&L and NOPSI
Current Reports on Form 8-K, dated December 31, 1993, were filed by these companies on January 3, 1994 reporting the consummation of the Entergy Corporation - GSU merger under Item 5 (in the case of AP&L, LP&L, MP&L and NOPSI), Items 2 and 7 (in the case of Entergy Corporation and GSU).
EXPERTS
All statements in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as to matters of law and legal conclusions, based on the belief or opinion of System Energy or any System operating company or otherwise