) of the three capital standards on December 7, 1989, were subject to certain restrictions which included growth restrictions and a limitation on capital distributions. These thrifts were also required to develop and submit to the OTS by January 8, 1990, acceptable capital restoration plans which demonstrate the strategies to be utilized to meet the capital standards. At December 7, 1989, Northeast Savings did not meet the capital standards set forth in FIRREA and the OTS regulations implementing the FIRREA capital standards. Northeast Savings filed its capital restoration plan with the OTS, as required by FIRREA, which was approved and accepted by the OTS on March 9, 1990. On March 23, 1990, the Association accepted the conditions imposed upon it by the OTS approval of its capital plan. Northeast Savings also filed an application to form a holding company, Northeast Federal Corp., which was approved by the OTS on April 16, 1990. The holding company reorganization was completed in July 1990, upon approval of the holders of voting stock of Northeast Savings. Under this reorganization Northeast Savings' capital stock was exchanged for capital stock of Northeast Federal Corp. and the capital of Northeast Federal Corp. was downstreamed to Northeast Savings in the form of common stock which qualified as regulatory capital. At such time, the Association came into compliance with all then-applicable regulatory capital requirements. The Association subsequently met all of the conditions of the capital plan and has been released from it by the OTS.
Although Northeast Savings is in compliance with all fully phased-in regulatory capital requirements, the ability of the Company to make capital distributions is restricted by the limited cash resources of the Company and the ability of the Company to receive a dividend from the Association. The Association's payment of dividends is subject to regulatory limitations, particularly the prompt corrective action regulation which prohi