s cash flow generated under this agreement was $1,390,910 and will be remitted to the lender during the second quarter in 1994. The mortgage note provides for the lender to earn a minimum internal rate of return which increases over the term of the note. Accordingly, for financial reporting purposes, interest expense has been accrued at a rate of 13.59% per annum which is the estimated minimum interna annum assuming the note is held to maturity. On a monthly basis, the venture deposits the property management fee into an escrow account to be used for future leasing costs to the extent cash flow is not sufficient to cover such items. The manager of the property (which is an affiliate of the Corporate General Partner) has agreed to defer receipt of its management fee until a later date. As of December 31, 1993, the manager has deferred approximately $1,792,000 of management fees. If upon sale of the property or refinancing as discussed below, there are funds remaining in this escrow after repayments of amounts owed the lender, such funds will be paid to the manager to the extent of its deferred and unpaid management fees. Any remaining unpaid management fees would be payable out of the venture's share of sale or refinancing proceeds. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the loan modification, effective January 1992, an affiliate of the joint venture, as majority owner of the underlying land, began deferring receipt of its share of land rent. These deferrals will be repaid from potential net sale or refinancing proceeds. In order for the Partnership to share in future net sale or refinancing proceeds, there must be a significant improvement in current market and property operating conditions resulting in a significant increase in value of the property. Reference is made to Note 3(c)(i).
160 Spear Street Building
Due to the rental concessions granted to facilitate leasing, the property operated at an approximate break-even level in 1993. As more fully discussed in Not