ing Shares.
ITEM 13.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Jeffrey B. Berger, former Secretary and a former Trustee of the Trust, is Chairman of the Board, President and a shareholder of B&B Property Investment, Development and Management Company, Inc., which was financial advisor to the Trust until September 1, 1993. An Advisory Agreement between the Trust and B&B provided for compensating for various types of services at such rates as may be agreed upon and reimbursement of expenses incurred in performing such services. The agreement provided that B&B would reimburse the Trust for any promotional or annual expenses which exceeded the statutory allowable limits established by the Stated of California. The portion of the Advisory Agreement which related to property management services was transferred by the Trust and B&B to B&B's wholly owned subsidiary, B&B Property Investments, Inc. ("B&B Property") on December 20, 1979.
During the fiscal year ended September 30, 1993, B&B and B&B property received $2,826,000 as compensation, leasing commissions, and expense reimbursements.
In addition, Mr. Berger is sole shareholder of North Main St. Co., which managed the Trust's hotel properties pursuant to leases, each with a primary term expiring December 31, 1998, which provide (subject to reduction during scheduled capital improvements projects) for annual rent of the greater of $2,520,000 or a percentage rent based on certain revenue categories from the hotels. CET received $1,854,000 from North Main St. Co pursuant to such leases in 1993 before terminating the lease arrangement on or about July 20, 1993.
In October 1992, the Trust entered into an Exchange Agreement with California Real Estate Investment Trust ("Cal REIT"), its 77% owned subsidiary, pursuant to which the Pavillions at Mesa property in Mesa, Arizona was exchanged for notes receivable collateralized by deeds of trust owned by Cal REIT. The value of the transaction was estimated at the time 