lization or similar corporate event.
The Board of Directors may at any time terminate the PIP or from time to time make such modifications or amendments to the PIP as it may deem advisable; provided that the Board may not, without the approval of stockholders, increase the maximum number of shares of Common Stock for which options may be granted under the PIP or
change the class of persons eligible to receive options under the PIP.
Audit and Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation
All members of the Audit and Compensation Committee are independent, non-employee Directors.
As provided in the Plan, Mr. Simon and the Company are parties to an employment agreement which provides for an initial term of three years, with automatic successive one-year extensions unless a prior election is made by either party not to extend the agreement. The agreement provides for an annual base salary of $300,000 (which will increase annually based upon increases in the consumer price index) and a discretionary annual bonus based on attainment of performance objectives to be set by the Board of Directors. Pursuant to the Plan and his employment agreement, Mr. Simon was granted options to purchase 330,000 shares of Common Stock. Mr. Simon's employment agreement and option grants were approved by the former directors of the Company. During 1993, no bonus was paid to Mr. Simon pursuant to his employment agreement.
The Company's compensation policy is designed to help the Company achieve its business objectives by:
- setting levels of compensation designed to attract and retain qualified executive in a highly competitive business environment;
- providing incentive compensation that varies directly with both the Company's financial performance and individual initiative and achievement contributing to such performance; and
- linking compensation to elements which effect the Company's annual and long-term share performance.
The Company intends to compensate executives and to gran