ends to appeal the verdict.
The court denied plaintiffs' motion for prejudgment interest as to Series 21 and Series 23 and awarded prejudgment interest to plaintiffs in Series 24 to be calculated to run from March 31, 1989 through December 18, 1992, the date of entry of final judgment, at the rate of 3.54%. The plaintiffs appealed the court's denial for prejudgment interest in Series 21 and Series 23.
The Company also appealed the judgment as well as the court's denial of various post-trial motions filed by the Company. Pursuant to the request of the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, the parties submitted briefs regarding the issue of whether the Eleventh Circuit has jurisdiction to hear the appeal. In February 1994, the Eleventh Circuit Court dismissed the appeal for lack of jurisdiction.
In September 1993, the court granted the Company's motion to stay of the execution of the final judgment pending appeal and to allow alternative form of security. In December 1993, the Company filed with the district court a motion to correct the judgment to reflect the cancellation of the outstanding debentures, which motion is still pending.
Arthur Arrighi, et al. vs. KPMG Peat Marwick, BFC Financial Corporation; Alan B. Levan; Frank V. Grieco; Glen Gilbert; Al DiBenedetto; BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank; Georgeson & Company, Inc.,; First Equity Corporation of Florida; I.R.E. Advisors Series 25, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 27, Corp.; I.R.E. Income Advisors, Corp.; and National Realty Consultants, in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, Case No. 92-1206-CDR. This case was filed on March 20, 1992 by more than 2,000 former limited partners in Series 25, Series 27 and Income Fund. The complaint alleged that BFC and certain other defendants developed a fraudulent scheme commencing in 1972 to sell the plaintiffs limited partnership units with the undisclosed goal of later taking over the assets of the partnerships in exchange for securities in a ne