 specific lease rents and contractual purchase price related to certain aircraft leased by the Company under capital lease obligations, and security against recourse provisions related to certain note and lease receivable sales.
Allowance for Losses on Financing Receivables The allowance for losses on financing receivables includes consideration of such factors as the risk rating of individual credits, economic and political conditions, prior loss experience and results of periodic credit reviews.
Collateral that is formally or substantively repossessed in satisfaction of a receivable is written down to estimated fair value and is transferred to equipment held for sale or re-lease or real estate owned. Subsequent to such transfer, these assets are carried at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value.
In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan." This Statement requires that impaired loans be measured on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, or at the loan's observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Adoption of this Statement is required no later
than 1995, although earlier application is permitted. The Company presently intends to adopt this pronouncement in 1995. The effect of applying this Statement is not expected to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company.
Equipment Under Operating Leases Rental equipment subject to operating leases is recorded at cost and depreciated over its useful life or lease term to an estimated salvage value, primarily on a straight-line basis.
Income Taxes The operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are included in the consolidated federal income tax return of MDC. MDC presently charges or credits the Company for the corresponding increase or decrease in MDC's taxes resulti