temporaries. The temporary workers are employees of ACCOUNTEMPS and are paid by ACCOUNTEMPS only when working on customer assignments. The customer pays a fixed rate only for hours worked.
ACCOUNTEMPS clients may fill their permanent employment needs by using an ACCOUNTEMPS employee on a trial basis and, if so desired, "converting" the temporary position to a permanent position. The client typically pays a one-time fee for such conversions.
The Company offers permanent placement services through its office network under the name ROBERT HALF. The Company's ROBERT HALF division specializes in placing accounting, financial, tax, banking and data processing personnel. Fees for successful permanent placements are paid only by the employer and are generally a percentage of the new employee's annual compensation. No fee for permanent placement services is charged to employment candidates.
OTHER ACTIVITIES
The Company's OFFICETEAM division places temporary and permanent high-end office and administrative personnel, ranging from word processors to office managers. OFFICETEAM operates in much the same fashion as the ACCOUNTEMPS and ROBERT HALF divisions.
The Company has a small operation involving only a limited number of offices which places temporary and permanent employees in paralegal, legal administrative and legal secretarial positions (operating under the name THE AFFILIATES-R-).
ORGANIZATION
Management of the Company's offices is coordinated from its headquarters in Menlo Park, California. Office managers are responsible for most activities of their offices, including sales, local advertising and marketing and recruitment.
The Company's headquarters provides support and centralized services to Company-owned offices in the administrative, marketing, accounting, training and legal areas, particularly as it relates to the standardization of the operating procedures of Company-owned offices.
MARKETING AND RECRUITING
The Company markets its services to clients as well as e