lted in additional income tax expense of $0.6 million, an increase in deferred tax liabilities of $3.0 million, and an increase in regulatory assets of $2.6 million.
Financial Condition - -------------------
The weather-sensitive nature of gas usage by Northwest Natural's residential and commercial customers influences the Company's financial condition, including its financing requirements, from one quarter to the next. Liquidity requirements are satisfied primarily through the use of commercial paper, which is supported by commercial bank lines of credit (see "Lines of Credit" and "Commercial Paper" below).
Capital Structure -----------------
The Company's long-term goal is to maintain a capital structure comprised of 40 to 45 percent common stock equity, 5 to 10 percent preferred and preference stock and 45 to 50 percent short-term and long-term debt. This target structure is managed by issuing new debt or equity in response to market conditions and the status of accumulated earnings. The Company also uses these sources to meet long-term debt and preferred stock redemption requirements (see Notes 4 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Cash Flows ---------- Operating Activities --------------------
Cash provided from operating activities was higher in 1993 and 1991 as compared to 1992, primarily due to higher revenues from gas sales resulting from colder weather. Also, a portion of the increased cash provided from operating activities in 1991 was due to the effects of unusually cold weather in December 1990, which produced substantial increases in the year- end 1990 balances for accounts receivable, unbilled revenue and accounts payable. These balances, which were collected in 1991, provided $26 million of additional funds during 1991.
The Company has lease and purchase commitments related to its operating activities which will continue to be financed with cash flows from operations (see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Investing Activ