Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
On September 3, 1993 Frenchmen's Reef Beach Resorts ("FRBA") filed for protection under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. FRBA is the owner of the Marriott Hotel, St. Thomas. U.S. Virgin Islands (the "Hotel"). The Company holds mortgages encumbering the Hotel which secure obligations of FRBA to the Company. In addition, the
Company manages the Hotel for FRBA pursuant to a written agreement. FRBA has filed with the bankruptcy court a Disclosure Statement setting forth a Plan of Reorganization which, among other things, provides for the conveyance of the Hotel to the Company. The limited partners of FRBA have filed an objection to the Disclosure Statement. The Company has pending before the bankruptcy court a motion for permission to commence and pursue a foreclosure of its mortgages through the receipt of a judgement of foreclosure.
In a proceeding captioned PMI Investment, Inc. vs. Allan V. Rose and Arthur Cohen et al. brought before the bankruptcy court the Company seeks to recover amounts owed by Rose and Cohen under a guaranty. In that same proceeding, the Company also seeks a determination that FSA has no claim to the proceeds of any recovery from Rose and Cohen.
The Company has reached a settlement in that proceeding with Rose and Cohen. Under the settlement, the Company will receive $25.0 million in cash, which Rose has deposited in escrow, and the cash proceeds of the sale of approximately 1.1 million shares of the Company's stock owned by Rose under the Prime Motor Inns, Inc. Second Amended Plan of Reorganization. Disbursal of the settlement proceeds is subject to the bankruptcy court's approval of the settlement and the bankruptcy court's determination that FSA has no claim to the settlement proceeds. A trial was held in January, 1994 on both issues and the Company is awaiting the decision of the bankruptcy court.
PMI has responded to informal requests for information by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission's Divi