provided under Sections 4A and 4B of the Allegheny Power System Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan effective July 1, 1990, attached hereto as Appendix I, excluding the provision in Section 4A that states, "...provided that, if a Participant is discharged from employment for cause or terminates employment with the Companies prior to retirement under the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan for any reason whatsoever, other than death, such eligibility will terminate and no benefit shall be payable to such Participant from this Plan."
The Employer shall be the sole beneficiary of the policy until such time as the Employee has at least 10 years of service and is at least 55 years old. After that time and while this Agreement is in force, the following shall occur:
1. the beneficiary of the Employee's death benefit shall be the employee's spouse;
2. in the event of the Employee's death, the Employer shall be entitled to Policy proceeds equal to the total Policy proceeds in excess of the amount due to the Employee pursuant to this Section, above; and
3. if the employee is not married, he/she is entitled to no death benefit while this agreement is in force.
E. Policy Cash Values The Employee shall be entitled to cash values of the Policy in excess of the premiums paid by the Employer pursuant to Section B, Above, but not to exceed the death benefits to which he/she is entitled under Section D, above. If the Employee is not married, he/she shall be entitled to cash values determined as if he/she were married.
The Employer shall be entitled to Policy cash values in excess of the amount due to the Employee under this Section, above.
F. Procedure at Employee's Death Upon the death of the Employee while the Policy and this Agreement are in force and subject to the provisions of Parts I and II hereof, the Employer shall promptly take all necessary steps, including rendering of such assistance as may reasonably be required, to obtain payment from the Insurer of the amounts 