The Association's regulatory capital position at December 31, 1993 is presented in Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
Prompt Corrective Action. Under the prompt corrective action provisions of FDICIA, regulations were implemented on December 19, 1992 whereby all financial institutions are placed in one of five capital categories: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. The federal banking agencies are required to take certain supervisory actions against undercapitalized institutions. The severity of such actions depends upon the degree of undercapitalization. Undercapitalized thrifts will be required to submit a capital restoration plan for OTS approval. This capital restoration plan may be approved by the OTS only if the parent holding company of the undercapitalized institution guarantees that the institution will comply with the plan and provides appropriate assurances of performance. Aggregate liability for the holding company under such guarantee is the lesser of five percent (5%) of the institution's assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the amount necessary to bring the institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable at the time the institution fails to comply with the capital restoration plan. In addition, undercapitalized institutions are subject to increased monitoring and restrictions on capital distributions, asset growth and acquisitions, branching, and new activities. Significantly undercapitalized institutions (or undercapitalized institutions that fail to submit a capital plan) are subject to a number of additional measures including restrictions on deposit interest rates, forced sale of stock or merger, changes in management, forced divestitures of affiliates or subsidiaries by the institution or its holding company, and restrictions on compensation.
The relevant capital mea