on system and greater encouragement of independent power production and cogeneration. Union Light cannot predict the long-term consequences the Energy Act will have on its operations.
Gas Operations and Gas Supply - -----------------------------
In 1992, FERC issued Order 636 which restructures the relationships between interstate gas pipelines companies and their customers, including Union Light, for gas sales and transportation services. Order 636 has changed the way Union Light purchases gas supplies and contracts for transportation and storage services. Union Light has contracts that provide adequate supply and storage capacity, including transportation services, to meet normal demand, as well as unanticipated load swings. Union Light expects to purchase approximately 5% of its annual firm gas requirements on the spot market.
Order 636 also allows pipelines to recover transition costs they incur in complying with the Order from customers, including Union Light. The KPSC has issued an order which allows recovery of these transition costs through Union Light's purchased gas adjustment clause. Order 636 transition costs are not expected to significantly impact Union Light.
Union Light has an approved rate structure for the transportation of gas allowing its gas price to remain competitive with alternate fuels. Union Light transports gas for certain large-volume customers. Without this program, Union Light would have lost many of these customers to alternate fuels. Union Light can either transport gas purchased by its customers for a transportation charge, or buy spot market gas which is then sold to customers at a rate competitive with alternate fuels.
Rate Matters - ------------
In September 1992, Union Light filed a request with the KPSC to increase annual gas revenues by approximately $9 million. In accordance with Kentucky law, on April 26, 1993, Union Light implemented the proposed rate increase, subject to refund. On July 23, 1993, the KPSC issued an Order au