interest rate which may be imposed during the term of the loan. One-to-four family residential loans generally are of a longer duration and bear lower rates of interest than commercial or installment loans; however, there is a lower credit risk associated with these types of loans. BankAtlantic generally does not purchase individual residential mortgage loans.
Installment Loans - BankAtlantic significantly reduced its installment lending activities during early 1991 by eliminating indirect consumer loans (installment loans made by others and acquired by BankAtlantic) and significantly decreasing originations of direct installment loans (loans made directly to consumers rather than through dealers). However, during 1993, BankAtlantic has focused on originating installment loans directly through its branch network and slightly increased the volume of its direct installment lending during the latter part of the year. It is anticipated that volume of direct installment lending will increase in 1994 from 1993 levels. Federal savings institutions are authorized to make secured and unsecured consumer installment loans in an aggregate amount up to 35% of their assets. In addition, BankAtlantic has lending authority above this 35% limit for certain consumer loans, such as second mortgages, home improvement loans, mobile home loans and loans secured by savings accounts. Installment loans typically involve a higher degree of credit risk than one-to-four family residential loans secured by first mortgages, but they generally carry higher yields and have shorter terms to maturity. Second mortgage loans are secured by a junior lien on residential real property and are typically based on a maximum 80% loan-to-value ratio. Personal loans may be secured by various forms of collateral, both real and personal, or to a minimal extent, may be made on an unsecured basis. Such loans generally bear interest at floating rates with the exception of personal unsecured loans which bear interes