imarily medium sulfur residual fuel oil and a lesser amount of diesel fuel. In general, medium sulfur fuel oil is the least costly per barrel and diesel fuel is the most expensive. During 1993, the prices of diesel fuel and low sulfur oil declined, while the price of medium sulfur fuel oil displayed no sustained trend.
HTB was contractually obligated to ship heavy fuel oil for HELCO and MECO through December 1993. Effective December 31, 1993, HTB exited the heavy fuel oil shipping business. See "Regulation and other matters -- Environmental regulation -- Water quality controls." HELCO and MECO carried out a bidding process to determine who would ship heavy fuel oil beyond 1993. Several bids were received and evaluated and two contracts have been signed with Hawaiian Interisland Towing, Inc., subject to PUC approval (which has been obtained on an interim basis). HELCO and MECO have also begun to convert their generating plants from burning heavy fuel oil to burning either heavy fuel oil or diesel fuel in the event heavy fuel oil is no longer available in the future. Diesel fuel does not pose the same environmental liability concerns as heavy fuel oil, but it is more expensive and the use of diesel fuel could significantly increase HELCO's and MECO's electric rates. Conversion would assure HELCO and MECO more flexibility by permitting use of another type of fuel besides heavy fuel oil.
In 1994, it is estimated that 75% of the net energy generated and purchased by HECO and its subsidiaries will come from oil, down from 77% in 1993. Failure by the Company's oil suppliers to provide fuel pursuant to the supply contracts and/or extremely high fuel prices could adversely affect HECO and its subsidiaries' and the Company's financial condition and results of operations.
RATES
HECO, MECO and HELCO are subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of the PUC with respect to rates, standards of service, issuance of securities, accounting and certain other matters. See "Regulation and 