eguards. The Telephone Company received FCC acknowledgement of its initial ONA implementation in November 1992. However, the current modified Computer Inquiry III nonstructural safeguards are subject to an appeal now pending at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Competition
Competition is growing in the telecommunications industry. Regulatory and court decisions have expanded the number of alternative service providers offering telecommunications services. Technological advances have expanded the types and uses of services and products available. Accordingly, the Corporation faces increasing competition in significant portions of its business.
The Telephone Company currently faces competition from, but not limited to, competitive access providers (CAPs), private networks, residential multi-tenant services, interexchange carriers, cellular providers, resellers and providers of telecommunications equipment. CAPs typically build fiber optic "rings" throughout large metropolitan areas to provide transport services (generally high-speed data) for large business customers and interexchange carriers. Also, an increasing number of individual firms, particularly large business customers, have established their own private network systems to transmit voice and data, bypassing Telephone Company facilities. The extent of the economic incentive to bypass the local exchange network depends upon local exchange prices, access charges, regulatory policy and other factors. End user charges ordered by the FCC are designed to mitigate the effect of system bypass.
Recent regulatory rulings have sought to expand competition for special and switched access services. Special access refers to a dedicated transmission path, used primarily by large business customers and long-distance carriers, which does not involve switching at the local exchange carrier central office. Switched access refers to the link between local exchange carriers' switching facilities and long-distance c