ies, Inc. v. Commercial Union Insurance Cos., et al., Nos. 90-2124, -2125 (HLS). In May 1990, the Company filed an action in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against Commercial Union Insurance Company ("Commercial Union") seeking to recover defense costs incurred in the City of New York lead pigment case and two other cases which have since been resolved in the Company's favor. In July 1991, the court granted the Company's motion for summary judgment and ordered Commercial Union to pay the Company's reasonable defense costs for such cases. In June 1992, the Company filed an amended complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against Commercial Union seeking to recover costs incurred in defending four additional lead pigment cases which have since been resolved in the Company's favor. In August 1993, the court granted the Company's motion for summary judgment and ordered Commercial Union to pay the reasonable costs of defending those cases. The court has not made any rulings on defense costs or indemnity coverage with respect to the Company's pending environmental litigation or on indemnity coverage in the lead pigment
- 12 - litigation. No trial dates have been set. Other than rulings to date, the issue of whether insurance coverage for defense costs or indemnity or both will be found to exist depends upon a variety of factors, and there can be no assurance that such insurance coverage will exist in other cases. The Company has not included amounts in any accruals in anticipation of insurance coverage for lead pigment or environmental litigation.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS AND LITIGATION
The Company has been named as a defendant, PRP, or both, pursuant to CERCLA and similar state laws in approximately 80 governmental and private actions associated with waste disposal sites and facilities currently or previously owned, operated or used by the Company, or its subsidiaries, or their predecessors, many of which 