approximately $20 million.
In January 1990, an action was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio against NLO, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, and the Company on behalf of a putative class of former NLO employees and their families and former frequenters and invitees of the Feed Materials Production Center ("FMPC") in Ohio (Day, et al. v. NLO, Inc., et al, No. C-1-90-067). The FMPC is owned by the DOE and was formerly managed under contract by NLO. The complaint seeks damages for, among other things, emotional distress and damage to personal property allegedly caused by exposure to radioactive and/or hazardous materials at the FMPC and punitive damages. A trial was held separately on the defendants' defense that the statute of limitations barred the plaintiffs' claims. In November 1991, the jury returned a verdict against six of the ten named plaintiffs, finding that their claims were time barred. Without denying the plaintiffs' motion to vacate the verdict, the court certified this action as a class action. A merits trial is expected to be held in 1994. Although no assurance can be given, the Company believes that, consistent with a July 1987
- 17 - DOE contracting officer's decision, the DOE will indemnify NLO in the event of an adverse decision just as it did when two previous cases relating to NLO's management of the FMPC were settled; therefore, the resolution of the Day matter is not expected to have a material adverse affect on the Company. In the 1987 decision, the contracting officer affirmed NLO's entitlement to indemnification under its contract for the operation of the FMPC for all liability, including the cost of defense, arising out of those two previous cases.
The Company is also involved in various other environmental, contractual, product liability and other claims and disputes incidental to its present and former businesses, and the disposition of past properties and former businesses.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSI