ustry: ---------------------
The Environmental Control Business depends primarily on the commercial construction industry, including new construction and the remodeling and renovation of older buildings.
Raw Materials: -------------
Numerous domestic and foreign sources exist for the materials used by the Environmental Control Business, which materials include aluminum, copper, steel, electric motors and compressors. The Company does not expect to have any difficulties in obtaining any necessary materials for the Environmental Control Business.
Competition: -----------
The Environmental Control Business competes with approximately eight companies, several of whom are also customers of the Company. Some of the competitors have greater financial resources than the Company. The Company believes that the Environmental Control Business manufactures a broader line of fan coil and water source heat pump products than any other manufacturer in the United States, and, that it is competitive as to price, service, warranty and product performance.
Automotive Products Business - ----------------------------
General: -------
The Automotive Products Business is primarily engaged in the manufacture and sale of a line of anti-friction bearings, which includes straight-thrust and radial-thrust ball bearings, angular contact ball bearings, and certain other automotive replacement parts. These products are used in automobiles, trucks, trailers, tractors, farm and industrial machinery, and other equipment. In 1993, the Automotive Products Business manufactured approximately 48.5% of the products it sold and approximately 61% in 1992, and purchased the balance of its products from other sources, including foreign sources.
Distribution and Market: -----------------------
The automotive and truck replacement market serves as the principal market for the Automotive Products Business. This business sells its products domestically and for export, principally through independent manufacturers