 other instruments. As the debt secured by the RiverEdge Place Building and Park at Countryside Apartments investment properties has been classified by the Partnership as a current
CARLYLE REAL ESTATE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP -
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
liability at December 31, 1993 as a result of defaults (see notes 4(b)(i) and 4(b)(iv)), and because the resolution of such defaults is uncertain, the Partnership considers the disclosure of the SFAS 107 value of such long-term debt to be impracticable. The remaining debt, with a carrying balance of $319,790,235, has been calculated to have a SFAS 107 value of $311,472,146 by discounting the scheduled loan payments to maturity. Due to restrictions on transferability and prepayment, and the inability to obtain comparable financing due to previously modified debt terms or other property specific competitive conditions, the Partnership would be unable to refinance these properties to obtain such calculated debt amounts reported (see note 4). The Partnership has no other significant financial instruments.
Certain reclassifications have been made to the 1992 and 1991 consolidated financial statements to conform with the 1993 presentation.
No provision for State or Federal income taxes has been made as the liability for such taxes is that of the partners rather than the Partnership. However, in certain instances, the Partnership has been required under applicable law to remit directly to the tax authorities amounts representing withholding from distributions paid to partners.
(2) INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
(a) General
The Partnership has acquired, either directly or through joint ventures, interests in four apartment complexes, twelve office buildings, four shopping centers and one parking facility. The Partnership's aggregate cash investment, excluding certain related acquisition costs, was $299,637,926. During 1989, the Partnership disposed of its interest in the investment property owned by CBC Invest