engineers, were 28.8 million barrels, compared to 33.1 million barrels at the end of 1992. Proved gas reserves as of December 31, 1993, net to Coastal's interest, were estimated by the engineers to be 925.5 Bcf compared to 974.8 Bcf as of December 31, 1992.
For information as to Company-owned reserves of oil and gas, see "Supplemental Information On Oil and Gas Producing Activities" as set forth in Item 14(a)1 hereof.
COMPETITION
In the United States, the Company competes with major integrated oil companies and independent oil and gas companies for suitable prospects for oil and gas drilling operations. The availability of a ready market for gas discovered and produced depends on numerous factors frequently beyond the Company's control. These factors include the extent of gas discovery and production by other producers, crude oil imports, the marketing of competitive fuels, and the proximity, availability and capacity of gas pipelines and other facilities for the transportation and marketing of gas. The production and sale of oil and gas is subject to a variety of federal and state regulations, including regulation of production levels.
REGULATION
In all states in the United States in which Coastal engages in oil and gas exploration and production, its activities are subject to regulation. Such regulations may extend to requiring drilling permits, the spacing of wells, the prevention of waste and pollution, the conservation of natural gas and oil, and various other matters. Such regulations may impose restrictions on the production of natural gas and crude oil by reducing the rate of flow from individual wells below their actual capacity to produce. Likewise, oil and gas operations on all federal lands are subject to regulation by the Department of the Interior and other federal agencies.
COAL
The Company, through ANR Coal Company and its subsidiaries ("ANR Coal") in the eastern United States and through Coastal States Energy Company and its subsidiaries ("Coastal S