ution's capital falls to certain levels. Under the new rules, five capital categories have been established which range from "critically undercapitalized" to "well capitalized". Failure of a depository institution to maintain a capital level within the top two categories will result in specific actions from the federal regulatory agencies. These actions could include the inability to pay dividends, restricting new business activity, prohibiting bank acquisitions, asset growth limitations and other restrictions on a case by case basis.
In addition to the impact of regulation, commercial banks are affected significantly by the actions of the Federal Reserve Board as it attempts to control the money supply and credit availability in order to influence the economy. Changes to such monetary policies have had a significant effect on operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to have such an effect in the future; however, the effect of possible future changes in such policies on the business and operations of Firstar cannot be determined.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The following is a list of all the executive officers (14) of Firstar as of December 31, 1993. All of these officers are elected annually by their respective boards of directors. All of the officers have been employed by Firstar and/or one or more of its subsidiaries during the past five years, except Messrs. Stowe and Schoenke, who were previously employed by other banking companies and joined Firstar as executive officers in 1989 and 1990, respectively. There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
On December 31, 1993, Firstar had 200 banking locations, of which 147 were owned and 53 were leased. All of these offices are considered by management to be well maintained and adequate for the purpose intended. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this document for further