commencing January 1, 1994. Except for limited changes, the structure of the permanent system is substantially the same as the structure of the transitional system it replaced. The FDIC is authorized to raise insurance premiums for SAIF members in certain circumstances. If the FDIC determined to increase the assessment rate for all SAIF institutions, institutions in all risk categories could be affected. Any increase in premiums could have an adverse effect on the Association's earnings.
The FDIC has authority to terminate the insurance of deposits of savings associations upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or the OTS. In addition, the FDIC has power to suspend temporarily a savings association's insurance on deposits received after the issuance of a suspension order in the event that the savings association has no tangible capital. Savings associations are allowed to include certain goodwill in tangible capital for this requirement; however, any savings association with no tangible capital prior to including goodwill would be considered a "special supervisory savings association."
Assessments. Savings institutions are required by OTS regulation to pay assessments to the OTS to fund the operations of the OTS. The general assessment, to be paid on a semiannual basis, is computed upon the savings institution's total assets, including consolidated subsidiaries, as reported in the institution's latest quarterly thrift financial report. The Association's total expense for assessments for the year ended December 31, 1993 was $590,000.
Federal Home Loan Bank System. The Federal Housing Finance Board was established by FIRREA as an independent agency to oversee and supervise the credit functions of the Federal Home Loan Banks. The FHFB ensures that the Federal Home Loan Banks car