preparations for development of a master warehouse in Northern Europe for use beginning in mid-to-late 1995.
The Company's European operations are managed through a European headquarters, which operates with a staff of pan-European managers to oversee the Company's various European subsidiaries and operations. Merisel currently is increasing its European management team and planning the computer system revisions and other operational changes required to implement its centralized distribution strategy.
Because the Company conducts business in a number of countries, that portion of operating results and cash flows that is non-U.S. dollar denominated is subject to certain currency fluctuations. The Company generally employs forward exchange contracts to limit the impact of fluctuations in the relative values of some of the currencies in which it does business.
In addition, international operations may also be subject to risks such as the imposition of governmental controls, export license requirements, restrictions on the export of certain technology, political instability, trade restrictions, changes in tariffs, difficulties in staffing and managing international operations and collecting accounts receivable and the impact of local economic conditions and practices. As the Company continues to expand its international operations, its success will be dependent, in part, on its ability to anticipate and deal with these and other risks. There can be no assurance that these or other factors will not have an adverse effect on the Company's international operations.
For segment information regarding Merisel's United States and international operations, see Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
COMPUTERLAND BUSINESS
On January 31, 1994, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Merisel FAB, Inc. ("Merisel FAB"), completed the ComputerLand Acquisition. As a result of the ComputerLand Acquisition, Merisel, through the ComputerLand Business, will now op