
The following are the tax effects of temporary differences resulting in deferred tax assets and liabilities:
The following table reconciles the change in the net deferred tax liability to the deferred income tax expense included in the accompanying Statement of Income for the year ended December 31, 1993:
In August 1993, President Clinton signed into law the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993. Among the Act's provisions is an increase in the corporate Federal income tax rate from 34% to 35%, retroactive to January 1, 1993. Under SFAS No. 109, the increase in the tax rate has resulted in an increase in the net deferred tax liability and a decrease in income tax related regulatory liabilities. In the above table, this decrease in regulatory liabilities has been included in "Change in income taxes refundable through rates". The increase in the Federal income tax rate has not had a material impact on Union Light's results of operations.
RETIREMENT INCOME PLANS. Union Light is a participating company under CG&E's trusteed non-contributory retirement income plans covering substantially all regular employees. The benefits are based on the employee's compensation, years of service, and age at retirement. Union Light's funding policy is to contribute annually to the plans an amount which is not less than the minimum amount required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and not more than the maximum amount deductible for income tax purposes.
The plans' funded status and amounts recognized by CG&E and its subsidiary companies for the years 1993 and 1992 are presented below:
During 1992, CG&E and its subsidiaries recorded $28.4 million ($2.8 million applicable to Union Light) of accrued pension cost in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 88, "Employers' Accounting for Settlements and Curtailments of Defined Benefit Pension Plans and for Termination Benefits". This amount represented the costs associated with additional benefi