s merchants. Aggregators, or master resellers, are functionally similar to wholesale distributors, but they focus on selling relatively few product lines, typically high-volume, brand name computer systems, to a captive network of
franchised dealers and affiliates. The larger computer manufacturers, such as Apple, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard and IBM, have historically required resellers to purchase their products from an affiliated aggregator, such as the ComputerLand Business. Wholesale distributors have not been authorized to sell these manufacturers' key microcomputer components, except on a limited basis. These restrictions have been eased recently, and may continue to ease and eventually be eliminated, with the result that the distinction between wholesale distributors and master resellers may blur. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Acquisition of ComputerLand Business."
With the acquisition of the ComputerLand Business, the Company has become the industry's only Master Distributor, combining the strengths of a full-line, channel-specialized distributor with those of a master reseller.
BUSINESS STRATEGY
Merisel has achieved its leading position by pursuing a strategy of offering the industry's leading products and services to its customers at competitive prices, providing superior cost-effective service through operational excellence, expanding the Company's international business and targeting its various customer groups using dedicated sales forces and marketing programs.
Providing Leading Products and Services. The Company's objective is to offer the broadest range of leading product brands in each of the product categories it carries. By stocking the leading brands, the Company generates sales of both those product brands as well as other products, as reseller customers often prefer to deal with a single source for many of their product needs. The Company continuously evaluates new products, the demand f