sas. The contamination appears to be a result of past operating procedures that were performed prior to any applicable environmental regulation. AP&L is still investigating these sites to determine the full extent of the contamination. Until the investigations are complete, AP&L cannot estimate the liabilities associated with these sites. However, AP&L believes its potential liability for both of the sites should not be material.
For all of these sites and for certain sites in which remediation has been completed, AP&L has expended approximately $3.2 million for cleanup costs since 1989.
GSU. GSU has been notified by the EPA that it has been designated as a PRP for the cleanup of sites on which GSU and others have, or have been alleged to have, disposed of hazardous materials. GSU is currently negotiating with the EPA and various state authorities regarding the cleanup of some of these sites. Several class action and other suits have been filed seeking relief from GSU and others for damages caused by the disposal of hazardous waste and for asbestos-related disease that allegedly occurred from exposure on GSU premises or on premises on which GSU allegedly disposed of materials (see "Other Regulation and Litigation - GSU," below). While the amounts at issue in the cleanup efforts and suits may be very substantial sums, management believes that its financial condition and results of operations will not be materially affected by the outcome of the suits. These environmental liabilities are described below.
In 1971, GSU purchased certain property near its Sabine generating station for possible cooling water capability expansion. Although it was not known to GSU at the time of the purchase, the property was utilized by area industries in the 1950's and 1960's as an industrial waste dump. GSU sold the property in 1984. In October 1984 the abandoned waste site on the property was included on the Superfund National Priorities List (NPL) by the EPA. The EPA has indicated that