ystem ("System") of sites which are known or suspected to be a site of a release of contaminated waste. Inclusion in the EPA s tracking system does not represent a determination of liability or a finding that any response action is necessary, accordingly, no provision for any liability that may result has been made in the consolidated financial
LSB Industries, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
14. Commitments and Contingencies (continued)
statements. As a result of being placed in the System, the State of Arkansas performed a preliminary assessment. The Company has been advised that there have occurred certain releases of contaminants at the Site. In addition, as a result of certain releases of contaminants at the Site, the Company s subsidiary may be subject to assessment of certain civil penalties.
The Company s subsidiary has not yet received from the appropriate governmental agency of the State of Arkansas a determination as to the appropriate plan of remediation of the Site and what contaminants, if any, must be remediated. The subsidiary is unable to estimate the cost of such remediation until the subsidiary receives an acceptable plan from such agency. The subsidiary believes that it will receive such a plan from the appropriate Arkansas state agency in the near future and at that time will be able to estimate the cost of such remediation at the Site. The Company does not believe that the response to any contamination at the Site or the assessment of penalties, if any, due to the release of certain contaminants at the Site would have a material adverse effect on the Company or its financial condition.
C. A subsidiary of the Company was named in April 1989 as a third party defendant in a lawsuit alleging defects in fan coil units installed in a commercial building. The amount of damages sought by the owner against the general contractor and the subsidiary s customer are substantial. The subsidiary s customer alleges that to the extent