a standby letter of credit. At December 31, 1993 there were outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Facility of $2.1 million. The Revolving Facility requires reductions of principal equal to reductions as they occur in the underlying accounts receivable and inventory times the applicable advance rate, assuming that the outstanding balance under the Revolving Credit Facility is less than the then maximum line availability based on eligible collateral. During 1993 and 1992, borrowings under the Revolving Facility were reduced to zero for forty-five (45) consecutive days as required by its terms. Annual interest at the agreed to interest rates, if calculated on the $22.7 million outstanding balance at December 31, 1993 would be approximately $2.7 million. The Term Loan and Revolving Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets and capital stock of Chemical. The Loan Agreement requires Chemical to maintain certain financial ratios and contains other financial covenants, including tangible net worth requirements and capital expenditures limitations. As of the date of this report, Chemical is in compliance with all financial covenants. Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, Chemical cannot transfer funds to the Company in the form of cash dividends or other advances, except for (i) the amount of taxes that Chemical would be required to pay if it was not consolidated with the Company; (ii) an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of Chemical's cumulative adjusted net income as long as Chemical's Total Capitalization Ratio, as defined, is .65:1 or below and, (iii) borrowings under the additional revolving credit line of $7.2 million.
Cash Flows - Non-Financial Services -----------------------------------
Net cash used by operating activities in 1993, after adjustment for non- cash expenses of $7.1 million, was $7.9 million. This cash used by operating activities included the following changes in assets and liabilities: (i) accounts receivable increased $12.3 mil