returned properties to senior lienholders in lieu of foreclosure proceedings. SAC 9 recognized an extraordinary gain of $3.1 million in 1991, of which the Trust's equity share was $2.2 million, from the forgiveness of nonrecourse mortgage debt and a provision for loss of $1.1 million, of which the Trust's equity share was $770,000. The provision for loss is included in equity in income of partnerships in 1991. This provision for losses and the extraordinary gain represent the amounts by which the nonrecourse mortgage debt exceeded the fair market value of the properties on the dates the properties were returned to the lienholders.
NOTE 15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Securities and Exchange Commission Inquiry. On December 1, 1988, the Trust was informed in writing that the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") had made a preliminary determination to recommend administrative proceedings against the Trust, CMET and Consolidated Capital Equities Corporation, a former advisor to the Trust, among others, for various alleged reporting violations in public filings made during certain periods in 1985, and possibly other matters. The allegations relate to a time prior to the time when the Trust's current management and BCM or any of its personnel became associated with the Trust. No administrative proceeding has been commenced and due to the lapse of time, the Trust's management believes that there will be no further activity regarding this matter.
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)
Olive Litigation. In February 1990, the Trust, together with CMET, Income Opportunity Realty Trust ("IORT") and Transcontinental Realty Investors, Inc. ("TCI"), three real estate entities with, at the time, the same officers, directors or trustees and advisor as the Trust, entered into a settlement of a class and derivative action entitled Olive et al. v. National Inc