ecurities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do and perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present, and the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Dated: February 3, 1994
KLAUS BERGMAN (Klaus Bergman)
KENNETH M. JONES (Kenneth M. Jones)
PETER J. SKRGIC (Peter J. Skrgic)
- 67 -
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT the undersigned director of Monongahela Power Company, an Ohio corporation, The Potomac Edison Company, a Maryland and Virginia corporation, and West Penn Power Company, a Pennsylvania corporation, does hereby constitute and appoint NANCY H. GORMLEY and STANLEY I. GARNETT, II and each of them a true and lawful attorney in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign his or her name to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and to any and all amendments, of said Companies, and to cause the same to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys and each of them full power and authority to do and perform any act and thing necessary and proper to be done in the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present, and the undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys or any one of them shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Dated: February 3, 1994
PETER J. SKRGIC (Peter J. Skrgic)
E-1
EXHIBIT INDEX (Rule 601(a))
Allegheny Power System, Inc. Incorporation Documents by Reference
3.1 Charter of the Company, Form 10-Q of the Company as amended (1-267), September 1993, exh. (a)(3) 3.2 By-laws of the Company, Form 10-Q of the Company as amended (1-