s subsidiaries.
The Corporation is a major tenant in a building located at 25 South Charles Street, Baltimore, Maryland, occupying approximately 66% of the 330,000 square feet of office space available in the building, and will continue to be the major tenant of the building under a lease expiring in 1997, with a renewal option to the year 2002. During 1993, the annual rental for the space, less amounts received on subleases to others, was $5.1 million.
The Corporation is the sole tenant at First Center (formerly the Paca Pratt Building) located at 110 South Paca Street, Baltimore, Maryland. The building contains 267,000 square feet of office space and houses certain lending, staff, and operations functions of the Corporation. The current lease term expires on December 31, 2011. During 1993, the annual rental for the space was $2.6 million. The Corporation is a limited partner with a 0.2% operating interest and a 50% residual interest in the limited partnership which owns the building.
The Corporation also owns First Bank Center located at Mitchell Street, Millsboro, Delaware. The building, acquired in 1981, contains approximately 300,000 square feet of space, sits on approximately 60 acres of land, and houses certain retail operations functions of First National together with the branch and bankcard functions of First Omni.
In addition to the above office space, the Corporation owns and leases office space in various other office buildings located in Maryland, New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia and the District of Columbia.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Corporation and its subsidiaries are defendants in various matters of litigation generally incidental to their respective businesses. In the opinion of Management, based on its review with counsel of the development of these matters to date, disposition of all pending litigation will not materially affect the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.
ITEM