et al., Court of Common Pleas, Cuyahoga County, Cleveland, Ohio (Case No. 236835). Plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages for personal injury caused by the ingestion of lead, and an order directing defendants to abate lead-based paint in buildings. Plaintiffs purport to represent a class of similarly situated persons throughout the State of Ohio. The amended complaint identifies 18 other defendants who allegedly manufactured lead products or lead-based paint, and asserts causes of action under theories of strict liability, negligence per se, negligence, breach of express and implied warranty, fraud, nuisance, restitution, and negligent infliction of emotional distress. The complaint asserts several theories of liability including joint and several, market share, enterprise and alternative liability. In October 1992, the Company and the other defendants moved to dismiss the complaint with prejudice. In July 1993, the court dismissed the complaint. In September 1993, the plaintiffs appealed.
In November 1993, the Company was served with a complaint in Brenner, et al. v. American Cyanamid, et al., Supreme Court, State of New York, Erie County alleging injuries to two children purportedly caused by lead pigment. The complaint seeks $24 million in compensatory and $10 million in punitive damages for alleged negligent failure to warn, strict products liability, fraud and misrepresentation, concert of action, civil conspiracy, enterprise liability, market share liability, and alternative liability. In January 1994, the Company answered the complaint, denying liability.
The Company believes that the foregoing lead pigment actions are without merit and intends to continue to deny all allegations of wrongdoing and liability and to defend such actions vigorously.
The Company has filed declaratory judgment actions against various insurance carriers seeking costs of defense and indemnity coverage for certain of its environmental and lead pigment litigation. NL Industr