e companies and their affiliates. Generally, such laws provide, among other things, limitations on the amount of dividends payable by any insurance company and guidelines and standards with respect to dealings between insurance companies and affiliates.
It is not possible to forecast the nature or the effect on future earnings or otherwise of present and future legislation, regulations and decisions with respect to the foregoing, or other related matters.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
The furniture, equipment and other physical property owned by First Capital and its subsidiaries represent less than 1% of total assets at December 31, 1993 and are therefore not significant in relation to total assets. The branch finance operations are generally conducted on leased premises under short-term operating leases normally not exceeding five years.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
Because the finance and insurance businesses involve the collection of numerous accounts, the validity and priority of liens, and loss or damage claims under many types of insurance policies, the finance and insurance subsidiaries of First Capital are plaintiffs and defendants in numerous legal proceedings, including class action lawsuits. Neither First Capital nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to, nor is the property thereof the subject of, any pending legal proceedings which depart from the ordinary routine litigation incident to the kinds of business conducted by First Capital and its subsidiaries or, if such proceedings constitute other than routine litigation, in which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse decision which could have any material adverse effect upon the financial condition of First Capital. There are no proceedings pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened by or on behalf of any administrative board or regulatory body which would materially affect or impair the right of First Capital or any of its subsidiaries to carry on any of their respective busines