 as international sales, plus direct sales by E&S to international customers, comprised 49% of the Company's 1993 sales volume.
DEPENDENCE ON SUPPLIERS: - -----------------------
Most parts and assemblies used by E&S are readily available in the open market; however, a limited number are available only from a single vendor. In these instances the Company stocks a substantial inventory and attempts to develop alternative components or sources where appropriate.
PATENTS: - -------
Evans & Sutherland owns a number of patents and is a licensee under several others developed principally at the University of Utah. Several patent applications are presently pending in the United States, Japan, and several European countries. E&S is continuing the practice, begun in 1985, of copyrighting chip masks designed by the Company and has instituted copyright procedures for these masks in Japan.
E&S does not rely on, and is not dependent on, patent ownership for its competitive position. Rather, the Company relies on its depth of technological expertise. Were any or all patents held to be invalid, management believes that the Company would not suffer significant damage. However, E&S actively pursues patents on its new technology.
RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT: - ----------------------
Expenses for company-funded research and development increased 1% during 1993, and the Company continues to fund almost all R&D efforts internally.
It is anticipated that high levels of R&D will continue in support of essential product development and research efforts to ensure the Company maintains technical excellence, leadership, and market competitiveness. However, it is further anticipated that R&D, as a percentage of sales, will decline over the next few years.
ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS: - -----------------------
The Company believes that its facilities and operations are within standards fully acceptable to the Environmental Protection Agency and that all facilities and procedures are in accord with envir