valuation and rating process assesses and ranks the overall performance of federally regulated depository institutions in helping to meet community credit needs,
including those of low and moderate income neighborhoods. The evaluation and ratings are narrative and are public information; institutions are given ratings as follows: Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve, or Substantial Noncompliance. The Association received a Satisfactory rating. An institution in this group has a satisfactory record of ascertaining and helping to meet community credit needs consistent with its resources and capabilities. The management of the CRA process is satisfactory and includes adequate documentation of CRA related activities and demonstrates regular involvement by the Board of Directors and senior management in the institution's CRA planning, implementation, and monitoring process. An institution's CRA rating is taken into consideration by the OTS when it reviews applications to open or relocate a branch facility or to acquire assets and assume liabilities. Generally, institutions that receive a satisfactory rating are placed on an eighteen month review cycle by the OTS.
Reregulation, increased competition, and a weakened economy have adversely impacted the asset quality of a significant number of the institutions in the thrift industry, including the Association. The effects of the lingering recession have caused real estate values to continue to decline in many parts of the country. Until signs of stabilization or improvement are prevalent in the markets in which the Association operates, future effects of the economy and industry regulation will continue to impact the asset quality of the Association.
LENDING ACTIVITIES
Northeast Savings' primary business is receiving deposits from the public and investing those funds in single-family residential mortgage loans. Prior to fiscal year 1989, Northeast Savings substantially increased its total assets primarily through the 