vailable from the carrier was approximately $2.6 million. BankAtlantic does not currently anticipate that the aggregate losses in the Subject Portfolio will exceed $18 million. BankAtlantic also agreed to exercise reasonable collection activities with regard to the Subject Portfolio and to provide the carrier with a credit for any recoveries with respect to such loans against future losses that the carrier would otherwise be obligated to reimburse. The balance of the loans and dealer reserve associated with the Subject Portfolio amounted to approximately $24.4 million and zero at December 31, 1993, and $29.9 million and $2.5 million at December 31, 1992, respectively. At December 31, 19932, 10% of the loans were secured by collateral in South Florida and 90% of such loans were secured by collateral in the northeastern United States. Collateral for these loans is generally a second mortgage on the borrower's property. However, it appears that in most cases, the property is encumbered with loans having high loan to value ratios. Although as indicated above, the dealer reserves are not collateralized, the risk relating to amounts advanced to the dealers are primarily associated with loan performance. Loans in the "Subject Portfolio" are charged-off if payments are more than 90 days delinquent. Related to the above are suits filed in New Jersey and New York. The New Jersey action seeks civil remedies against certain contractors and a dealer and also seeks to cancel or modify certain mortgage loans. BankAtlantic had purchased individual loans from the named dealer and such purchased loans include loans for which a named contractor is listed as providing home improvements. While BankAtlantic is not a party to that action, a status conference was held in December 1993 which indicated that discovery is to be completed by May 1994 and BankAtlantic must determine by April 1994 whether to intervene in the action. The New York action purports to be a class action against over 2