thers is not known. However, introduction of new products could cause delays in customer orders as customers evaluate the new product offerings before reaching a final purchase decision. Convex competes on the basis of price, performance and ease of use. Convex believes that its current family of products is facing increasingly difficult competition and the new products planned for introduction in 1994 will be necessary to compete favorably with respect to these factors.
PATENTS AND LICENSES
The Company has been issued 17 patents in the United States and 2 in certain foreign countries. Additionally, the Company has 16 applications for patents pending in the United States and 5 patent applications pending in certain foreign countries. The patents and patent applications relate to various aspects of the Company's product architecture. There can be no assurance that patents will be issued or that, once issued, the patents can be successfully defended. Convex believes that, while patents may offer a measure of legal protection, they are less significant to the success of the Company than such factors as innovation and technical expertise.
Convex has entered into a cross-license agreement with Cray Research, Inc. which grants a perpetual cross-license of each company's existing and pending patents as of May 29, 1986. Neither party is responsible for any fees or royalties to the other under this agreement.
The Company has also entered into a non-exclusive perpetual license with American Telephone and Telegraph Company for the UNIX operating system under which the Company may grant sublicenses to its customers. Convex also has been granted other non-exclusive licenses for certain software which permit the Company to grant sublicenses to its customers.
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY
In March of 1992, the Company entered into a series of technology and commercial agreements as well as a Stock Purchase Agreement with the Hewlett-Packard Company ("HP"). Under th