tricted lines of business outside the United States, subject to certain conditions designed to prevent an impact on United States markets. The Corporation has also obtained relief from the Court to provide interexchange cellular services in various markets throughout the United States, as well as intersystem handoff and automatic call delivery capabilities.
Recent Waivers Denied
The Corporation, jointly with the other RHCs, had appealed a July 1990 order of the Court holding that the RHCs were not permitted to transport common channel signaling 7 (CCS7) information across LATA boundaries for handoff to interexchange carriers at centralized signal transport points (STPs). CCS7 is the AT&T version of the internationally standardized signaling system which transmits signaling and service definition information between components of the telephone network. The STP is a type of switch which routes the signaling messages within the signaling network. The Court held that the MFJ requires that signaling information be given to the interexchange carriers in the LATA where the call originated, and also denied the RHCs' requests for waivers to establish the centralized STP service arrangement. The order was affirmed by the D.C. Circuit Court, and in February 1993 the Supreme Court refused to review the decision.
Pending Waiver Requests and Appeals
The Corporation has initiated other requests with the Court which seek the removal of some of the remaining restrictions. This includes a generic request, filed jointly by all the RHCs, seeking relief from the interexchange prohibition to provide wireless services without regard to geographic boundaries. In addition, the Corporation has also requested relief to provide interexchange cellular services in certain of its own regional markets. The Corporation has also filed waiver requests seeking relief from the manufacturing restriction, to permit the design and development of CPE, and the provision of telecommunications equipment to th