-----------
At December 31, 1991, $14.0 million was outstanding under a term loan agreement between Agrico and United States National Bank of Oregon (U.S. Bank). Under a settlement agreement between Energy Systems, U.S. Bank, and Northwest Natural, U.S. Bank assigned the term loan to Energy Systems in exchange for payments by Energy Systems and Northwest Natural totalling $7.2 million. Such payments were made, and the debt was retired during 1992 (see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges ----------------------------------
For the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, the Company's ratio of earnings to fixed charges, computed by the Securities and Exchange Commission method, was 3.22, 1.81, and 1.59, respectively. Earnings consist of net income to which has been added taxes on income and fixed charges. Fixed charges consist of interest on all indebtedness, amortization of debt expense and discount or premium, and the estimated interest portion of rentals charged to income. Environmental Matters - ---------------------
In June 1992, the City of Salem, Oregon, requested the Company's participation in its review of an environmental assessment of riverfront property in Salem that is the proposed site for a park and other public developments. Within the property is a block previously owned by the Company which was the former site of a manufactured gas plant. The Company's corporate predecessor operated the plant for less than four months in 1929 before closing it upon completion of a pipeline providing gas transmission from Portland to Salem. The City has determined that there is environmental contamination on the site, and that a remediation process involving the Company and at least two other prior owners of the block will be required. To date the Company has not obtained sufficient information to determine the extent of its liability for any such remediation.
The Company owns property in Linnton, Oregon, that is 