 Customers are given the option to prepay for twelve months of service in which case the prepayment is accounted for as deferred revenue and recognized ratably over a twelve month period in the Company's financial statements.
Risk Concentration
Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are primarily cash, investments and accounts receivable. The Company attempts to minimize the concentration of credit risk for cash and investments by limiting the amount of credit exposure to any one commercial issuer. Concentrations of credit risk with respect to the receivables are limited due to the large number of customers in the Company's customer base, and their dispersion across different industries and geographic areas. The Company maintains an allowance for losses based upon the expected collections of its accounts receivable.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash in excess of daily requirements is invested primarily in investment grade short-term commercial paper, repurchase agreements, time deposits, and U.S. government securities. These investments are stated at cost which approximates fair value as determined by quoted market prices. Investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less are considered cash equivalents.
Short-term Investments
Investments purchased with a maturity of more than three months and less than one year are considered short-term investments. These include U.S. government and government agency securities and corporate bonds. These investments are stated at cost. Due to the short-term maturity of these securities, fair value, as determined by quoted market prices, closely approximates the carrying value.
Long-term Investments
Investments in securities for which the holding period is greater than one year are considered long-term investments. The majority of the long- term portfolio consists of mortgage-backed securities either issued or guaranteed by the United States government or by its agencies