ash distributions, management and leasing fees and reimbursements payable to them in an aggregate amount of approximately $6,811,566 (approximately $15 per interest) through December 31, 1993. These amounts, which do not bear interest, are expected to be paid in future periods. Effective October 1, 1993, the Partnership began paying property management and leasing fees on a current basis. Reference is made to Note 11 relating to this deferral of distributions, fees and reimbursements.
The Partnership and its consolidated ventures have currently budgeted in 1994 approximately $4,328,000 for leasing costs and other capital expenditures. The Partnership's share of such items and its share of such similar items for its unconsolidated ventures in 1994 is currently budgeted to be $6,419,000. Actual amounts expended in 1994 may vary depending on a number of factors including actual leasing activity, results of property operations, liquidity considerations and other market conditions over the course of the year. The source of capital for such items and for both short-term and long- term future liquidity requirements and distributions is expected to be primarily through net cash generated by the Partnership's investment properties, through an existing obligation of a seller (or its affiliate) to fund deficits at one property and through the sale or refinancing of such investments.
A number of mortgage loans secured by the Partnership's investment properties will mature in 1994 and will need to be extended or refinanced, including the mortgage loans related to the Wells Fargo Center, 900 Third Avenue, 9701 Wilshire Building and the Dunwoody Apartments (Phase I and III). In addition, certain other mortgage loans secured by the Partnership's investment properties are the subject of discussions with lenders for debt modifications or restructurings, including the mortgage loans related to 125 Broad and RiverEdge Plaza. The current status of the a refinance, modify or restructure 