quarter of 1994.
Throughout most of its history, Tropicana, with its upscale decor and location as the sole major casino hotel on the southern end of the Strip, catered to high end table games customers with particular emphasis on baccarat. This strategy allowed for significant gaming revenues without substantial walk-in traffic. However, beginning in late 1989 with the opening of the Mirage, competition for this small group of premium table games customers, dominated by players from the Far East, increased significantly. The center portion of the Strip, highlighted by Ceasars Palace and the Mirage, became the focal point of the high end table games market. As heavy promotion and complimentary expenditures ensued, profit margins in this segment declined. As a result, management decided to curtail its emphasis on premium table games and focus on slot revenue from the high end of the middle market.
Tropicana is located at an intersection which is now referred to as "The New Four Corners" of Las Vegas. There are three other major casino hotel properties located at this intersection, two of which, Luxor and MGM Grand,
opened during the fourth quarter of 1993, and the other, Excalibur, opened June 1990. The increase in total casino and hotel capacity with the opening of Luxor and MGM Grand has increased the level of activity and visitor traffic around Tropicana. Pedestrian traffic around "The New Four Corners" will be made faster, safer and more convenient upon completion of an elevated pedestrian bridge system under construction by the State of Nevada. The bridge system will connect the four corners of the intersection and will have elevators and escalators set back from all four corners. The Company is funding a portion of the construction costs for this project which is scheduled for completion in early 1994. Upon completion of this project, the Company plans to construct a connecting bridge into the Tropicana casino in order to facilitate access from the MGM Grand.
M