, net, in 1993 resulted primarily from the Company's share of decreases in the earnings of AGC (see Note D to the financial statements). Other fluctuations in other income, net, were individually insignificant. Other interest expense reflects changes in the level of short-term debt maintained by the Company.
Liquidity and Capital Resources SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the enterprise's need for cash". The Company needs cash for operating expenses, the payment of interest and dividends, retirement of debt, and for its construction program. To meet these needs, the Company has used
M-14
internally generated funds and external financings, such as the sale of common and preferred stock, debt instruments, instalment loans, and lease arrangements. The timing and amount of external financings depend primarily upon economic and financial market conditions, the Company's cash needs, and capitalization ratio objectives. The availability and cost of external financing depend upon the financial health of the companies seeking those funds.
Capital Requirements Construction expenditures for 1993 were $141 million and for 1994 and 1995 are estimated at $103 million and $83 million, respectively. These estimates include $39 million and $10 million, respectively, for substantial completion of the program of complying with Phase I of the CAAA. It is anticipated that the Harrison Scrubber Project will be completed on schedule (late 1994) and that the final cost will be approximately 24% below the original budget. Primary factors contributing to the reduced cost include: 1) the absence of any major construction problems to date; 2) financing and material and equipment costs lower than expected; and 3) favorable rulings of state commissions allowing the inclusion of carrying costs of construction in rates in lieu of AFUDC. Construction expenditures through the year 2000 may include substantial amounts for