er of the shopping center, the Trust was named in and received a copy of the NOV. Estimates to remediate the spill range from $300,000 to $500,000. An agreement is being drawn with two previous owners of the shopping center to share the costs to remediate. The Trust has recorded a liability of $120,000 as its estimated share of the cleanup costs.
Contaminants at levels in excess of New Jersey cleanup standards were identified at a shopping center in New Jersey. The Trust has retained an environmental consultant to investigate the contamination. The Trust is also evaluating whether it has insurance coverage for this matter. At this time, the Trust is unable to determine what the range of remediation costs might be. The Trust has also identified chlorinated solvent contamination at two other properties. In each case, the contamination appears to be linked to the current and/or previous dry cleaner. The Trust intends to look to the responsible parties for any remediation effort. Evaluation of these situations is preliminary and it is impossible to estimate the range of remediation costs, if any.
The Trust reserved $2.25 million at closing for environmental issues principally associated with the recently acquired Gaithersburg Square. Pursuant to an indemnity agreement entered into with the seller at closing, the Trust agreed to take certain actions with respect to identified chlorinated solvent contamination. The seller indemnified the Trust for certain third party claims and government requirements related to contamination at adjacent properties.
The Trust's non real estate investments consist of $524,000 in marketable equity securities and $3.5 million of Olympia and York Senior First Mortgage Notes. The marketable equity securities are stated at market. The Olympia and York notes were written down in 1992 to management's best estimate of the net realizable value. The writedown was recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of other charges, 