he same period in the prior year. The increase was due to improved occupancy while average daily rate remained even with the prior year. The gain in occupancy was primarily attributable to the improved results at three AmeriSuites hotels, which were opened in the second half of 1990. In addition, occupancy increased at six Wellesley Inns located in Florida partially, as a result of Hurricane Andrew. The Company's inability to increase room rates was caused by the slowdown in the economy, particularly in the Northeast and increased competition.
Food and beverage revenues for comparable hotels for the six months ended December 31, 1992 were relatively even with the same period in the prior year, as a result of the recession in the Northeast where the majority of the Company's food and beverage outlets are located.
Room expenses as a percentage of room revenues for comparable hotels increased to 28.0% for the six months ended December 31, 1992 from 26.9% for the same period in the prior year. Food and beverage expenses as a percentage of food and beverage revenues for comparable hotels increased to 89.0% from 78.8% for the same period
in the prior year. The increases in the percentage of expenses to revenues were primarily attributable to increased labor-related operating costs. In particular, health benefits and workers' compensation costs have increased at rates greater than inflation.
Selling and general expenses for comparable hotels increased by 11.1% for the six months ended December 31, 1992 over the same period in the prior year primarily due to hiring of additional sales staff, sales training programs and increased advertising and sales promotion expenses.
The following table presents the Company's other revenues and expenses for the six months ended December 31, 1992 and 1991 which are not considered direct operating revenues and expenses of the owned and leased hotels and which were not affected by accounting changes due to the reorganization and, therefore,