ncipal brands in the value segment of the consumer market. In the premium segment of the consumer market, Scott's principal brands include Cottonelle bathroom tissue, Job Squad and Viva disposable towels and Baby Fresh baby wipes. In addition, the Company sells a modest amount of private label bathroom tissue, towels and facial tissue in certain areas of the country, and sells a "Do-It-Yourself" line of disposable auto care and home maintenance products.
The Company's away-from-home products and product systems are sold through a selective distribution network primarily to manufacturing, lodging, office building, foodservice and health care establishments and high volume public facilities. The away-from-home market has generally grown more rapidly than the consumer market for sanitary paper products, and is expected to continue to do so. Competition in away-from-home markets is primarily on the basis of price, product utility, product quality and service. The Company's away-from-home business continues to aggressively pursue its strategy of meeting the needs of key end-user markets with distinctive products and product systems.
The Company is a leading U.S. producer of disposable towels, bathroom tissue, baby wipes, consumer napkins, away-from-home cloth-replacement wipers and away- from-home product systems. In the sale of all of its principal products, the Company faces strong competition from other manufacturers, some of which are substantially larger and more diversified than the Company. The Company's principal competitive strengths are believed to include the Scott name and reputation for quality and value, strong market positions, strong sales forces and capabilities in managing the sale of products through distributor organizations, innovative away-from-home product systems and services and the Company's natural resources asset base. However, the Company continues to have high labor density at numerous sites, and several of its production facilities have rel