os is one of the world's leading producers and marketers of TiO2. Kronos and its distributors and agents sell and provide technical services for its products to over 5,000 customers with the majority of sales in Europe, the United States and Canada.
Kronos' international operations are conducted through Kronos International, Inc. ("KII"), a German-based holding company formed in 1989 to manage and coordinate the Company's manufacturing operations in Germany, Canada, Belgium and Norway and its sales and marketing activities in over 100 countries worldwide. The Company believes that KII's structure allows it to capitalize on expertise and technology developed in Germany over a 60-year period.
Kronos and its predecessors have produced and marketed TiO2 in North America and Europe for over 70 years. As a result, Kronos believes that it has developed considerable expertise and efficiency in the manufacture, sale, shipment and service of its products in domestic and international markets. By volume, one-half of Kronos' 1993 TiO2 sales were to Europe, with 38% to North America and the balance to export markets.
Kronos is also engaged in the mining and sale of ilmenite ores (a raw material used in the sulfate pigment production process), and the manufacture and sale of iron-based water treatment chemicals (derived from co-products of the pigment production processes). Water treatment chemicals are used as treatment and conditioning agents for industrial effluents and municipal wastewater and in the manufacture of iron pigments.
MANUFACTURING PROCESS AND RAW MATERIALS
TiO2 is manufactured by Kronos using either the chloride or sulfate pigment production process. Although most end-use applications can use pigments produced by either process, chloride process pigments are generally preferred in certain segments of the coatings and plastics applications, and sulfate process pigments are generally preferred for paper, fibers and ceramics applications. Due to environmental factor