rriers subject to a reservation of rights. The amount of money the insurance carrier may seek to recover from the Partnership for this and any other settlements it has funded is uncertain. The Partnership is a defendant in and anticipates other subrogation claims by insurance companies which have allegedly paid policy benefits to Country Walk residents. The Partnership intends to defend itself vigorously in all such matters.
The Partnership has resolved a claim for construction related damages brought by the Villages of Country Walk Homeowners' Association, Inc., among others. Two of the Partnership's insurance carriers funded a settlement in the amount of $2,740,000 to resolve claims related to the construction of the common elements of the condominium units at Country Walk. One of the insurance carriers has issued a reservation of rights in connection with these claims and the extent to which that insurance company may ultimately recover any of these proceeds from the Partnership is unknown. Therefore, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets do not reflect an accrual for such costs.
The Partnership is involved in an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) administrative enforcement proceeding with regard to the Partnership's Water's Edge property. The EPA has asserted that a dam built to create a lake at the Community during the time the property was owned by Arvida Corporation was in violation of Section 404 of the Clean Water Act in that certain wetland areas had been filled. Pursuant to a Consent Agreement and Order entered into with the EPA, the Partnership acquired certain land (at a cost of approximately $400,000) for which it has developed and implemented a plan of mitigation for the wetlands lost. In accordance with certain provisions of the Consent Agreement and Order, the Partnership must provide the EPA with periodic reports regarding the status of the mitigation plan. An agreement in principle has been reached to settle the dispute between the parti