p received demand notes from the seller which are personally guaranteed by certain of its principals. The seller had been paying interest on the note at a rate equal to 3% over the prime rate. In February 1991, the seller ceased paying monthly interest required under terms of the note. The Partnership has put the seller in default and effective October 31, 1991, the note began accruing interest at the default rate. The Partnership is pursuing its legal remedies against the seller and certain of its principals. The collectibility of the amounts discussed above is uncertain. For financial reporting purposes, the Partnership ceased accruing interest on the note receivable as of February 1991. As a matter of prudent accounting policy, a reserve for uncollectibility for the entire amount recorded for financial reporting purposes ($1,466,051) has been reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. CARLYLE REAL ESTATE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - XV
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
(9) LEASES
(a) As Property Lessor
At December 31, 1993, the Partnership and its consolidated ventures' principal assets are six office buildings, four apartment complexes and two shopping centers. The Partnership has determined that all leases relating to these properties are properly classified as operating leases; therefore, rental income is reported when earned and the cost of each of the properties, excluding cost of land, is depreciated over the estimated useful lives. Leases with commercial tenants range in term from one to 30 years and provide for fixed minimum rent and partial to full reimbursement of operating costs. In addition, substantially all leases with shopping center tenants provide for additional rent based upon percentages of tenant sales volume. With respect to the Partnership's shopping center investments, a substantial portion of the ability of retail tenants to honor their leases is dependent upon the retail economic sector.
Apartment compl