l highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Joint venture agreements: CLAM, together with unrelated parties, has interests in certain prospecting and production licenses and related operating agreements which provide for the joint conduct of seismic, geological, exploration and development activities on the continental shelf of The Netherlands. The accompanying financial statements include CLAM's share of operations as reported to it by the operator of the joint venture. The amounts reported by the operator of the joint venture are subject to an annual audit by the non-operators. The audit for the year 1992 has been conducted with the non-operators awaiting the operator's initial response to the audit report.
Petroleum exploration and development costs: CLAM follows the successful efforts method of accounting for oil and gas properties. Exploration expenses, including geological and geophysical costs, prospecting costs, carrying costs and exploratory dry hole costs are charged against income as incurred. The acquisition costs of unproved properties are capitalized with appropriate provision for impairment based upon periodic assessments of such properties. All development costs, including development dry hole costs, are capitalized. Capitalized costs are adjusted annually for cash adjustments relating to changes in CLAM's share in gas reserve estimates (see Note 7).
Depletion, amortization and depreciation: Depletion is provided under the unit-of-production method based upon estimates of proved developed reserves. Depreciation is based on estimated useful life. Reserve determinations are management's best estimates and generally are related to economic and operating conditions. Depletion and depreciation rates are adjusted for future estimated salvage values.
CLAM property, plant and equipment retirements: Upon sale or retirement of property, plant and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depletion