facilities operated by all defendants. All plaintiffs claiming exposure at subsidiary-operated stations were employed by third-party contractors, with the exception of three who claim to have been employees of Monongahela. Each plaintiff generally seeks compensatory and punitive damages against all defendants in amounts of up to $1 million and $3 million, respectively; in those cases that include a spousal claim for loss of consortium, damages are generally sought against all defendants in an amount of up to $1 million for the loss of consortium claim. Therefore, because of the multiple defendants, the subsidiaries believe potential liability of the subsidiaries is a very small percentage of the total amount of the damages sought. A total of 94 cases have been previously settled by Monongahela for an amount substantially less than the anticipated cost of defense. While the subsidiaries believe that all of these cases are without merit, they cannot predict the outcome of these cases or whether other cases will be filed.
M-9
Monongahela
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Net Income Net income was $61.7 million, $58.3 million, and $54.1 million in 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively. The increase in net income in 1993 resulted primarily from kWh sales and retail rate increases. The increase in 1992 resulted primarily from retail rate increases. These revenue increases, in both years, were offset in part by higher expenses.
Sales and Revenues KWh sales to and revenues from residential, commercial, and industrial customers are shown on pages D-3 and D-4 Such kWh sales increased .3% in 1993 and decreased 1.0% in 1992. The increases in revenues from sales to residential, commercial, and industrial customers resulted from the following:
Increase (Decrease) from Prior Year
1993 1992 (Millions of Dollars)
Increased (decreased) kWh sales $ 6.6 $(5.3) Fuel and energy cost adjustment clauses (a) 11.8 12.3 Rate increases (b): West