ecession-affected and work-interrupted level of 1991. The increase was primarily the result of the volume and price gains, improvements in manufacturing efficiency, cost containment and restructuring, and the fact that 1991 included the adverse impact of the LaCrosse work stoppage. The effects of these factors were partly offset by slightly lower gross margins, as the price increases did not completely recover increases in material, labor and benefits costs.
International Group
Sales of Air Conditioning Products' International Group, which accounted for approximately 21% of Air Conditioning Products' 1992 sales, increased 15% from those of 1991 (10% excluding the favorable effect of foreign exchange). Most of the gain was from higher volumes in Mexico (two new sales offices resulted in expanded distribution and penetration), the Far East (especially Hong Kong and Singapore), the Middle East (markets were significantly stronger), and Europe (sales of new products and increased penetration despite declining markets). Markets were down in almost all European countries except Italy, with the largest drop in the U.K., offset partly by increased revenues from acquired service companies.
Operating income for the International Group decreased by approximately 68% in 1992. The decline occurred in Europe, primarily because of the weak markets and lower prices, costs related to the start-up of new facilities and new distribution networks in the U.K. and France, costs related to the introduction of new products, start-up costs of a company in Spain acquired near the end of 1991, and foreign exchange transaction losses from currency fluctuations in the latter half of 1992. Income from the Far East and Latin America was essentially unchanged from the prior year, as volume gains were offset by increased costs related to expanded distribution channels, start-up of new joint ventures, and development of new and improved products to support present and future growth.
Plumbing Product