rporation's income.
Effective August 10, 1993, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act was amended to provide that, in the liquidation or other resolution by any receiver of a bank insured by the FDIC, the claims of depositors have priority over the general claims of other creditors. Hence, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of a banking subsidiary of the Corporation, the general claims of the Corporation as creditor of such banking subsidiary would be subordinate to the claims of the depositors of such banking subsidiary, even if the claims of the Corporation were not by their terms so subordinated. In addition, this statute may, in certain circumstances, increase the costs to the Banks of obtaining funds through nondeposit liabilities.
MONETARY POLICY
The Corporation's subsidiaries, and thus the Corporation, are affected by monetary policies of regulatory authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board, which regulate the national money supply in order to mitigate recessionary and inflationary pressures. Among the techniques of monetary policy available to the Federal Reserve Board are engaging in open market transactions in U.S. Government securities, changing the discount rate on bank borrowing, and changing reserve requirements against bank deposits. These techniques are used in varying combinations to influence the overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments, and deposits. Their use may also affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The effect of governmental monetary policies on the earnings of the Corporation cannot be predicted.
EMPLOYEES
As of December 31, 1993, the Corporation employed approximately 4,585 full- time equivalent employees. Management of the Corporation considers relations with its employees to be satisfactory.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The following describes the location and general character of the principal offices and other materially important physical properties of the Corporation and it