cluding interest credits, the balance of such deferred funds shall be paid in a lump sum to the following designees who survive me or to my estate in proportion to the percentage shares indicated, and, if I have indicated no designees or if all indicated designees predecease me, entirely to my estate.
Designee Address Percentage Share
Dated: Signature
Exhibit 10.2
CONFIDENTIAL
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
OBJECTIVES
To attract, hold, and motivate executive personnel. Prior approval of the chief executive officer is required for inclusion in the Plan.
QUALIFICATIONS
An employee becomes eligible for inclusion when
1. the employee has held a position with a salary grade of 28 or above for at least one year, is assuming the full responsibility of the position, is achieving satisfactory results and has a salary which exceeds the mid point between the minimum and standard amounts of salary grade 28, or
2. the employee has held the position of operating division manager with a salary grade of 18 or above for at least one year, is assuming the full responsibility of the position, is achieving satis- factory results and has a salary which exceeds the mid point between the minimum and standard amounts of salary grade 28.
COMPENSATION
1. Life insurance
2. Dependent medical insurance
3. Dependent dental insurance
4. Annual physical examination during employment
5. Five weeks vacation, unless length of service would warrant more.* Participants in the Plan are not entitled to pay for accrued vacation (or to vacation in lieu of such pay) in excess of what they would receive if they were not par- ticipants.
*Language clarified. Exhibit 10.2 (Cont'd)
6. Sick pay allowance of one year at full pay and one year at half pay, regardless of length of service.
PROCEDURE
1. The president of each of the operating companies, the Executive Director, Central Services and the APS, Inc. vice presidents shall submit to the chief executive officer the names of all eligible employees or reasons why a