 Association will match 60% of the first 5% an executive elects to defer. The deferred funds will be invested during the deferral period in either a Guaranteed Rate Investment Account or in common stock of Northeast Federal Corp. at a price not less than the monthly average fair market value of the Company's stock for the last ten days of each month.
Directors' Deferred Fee Plan
The Deferred Fee Plan provides the members of the Board of Directors of the Association the opportunity to defer receipt of fees otherwise currently payable to them by the Association for a period up to ten years. The deferred fees will be invested during the deferral period in either the Guaranteed Rate Investment Account or in common stock of Northeast Federal Corp. at a price not less than the monthly average fair market value of the Company's stock.
The Deferred Compensation Plan and the Deferred Fee Plan provide for a total of 250,000 shares of company stock to be purchased.
NOTE 15: INCOME TAXES
As discussed in Note 1, the Company adopted SFAS 109 as of April 1, 1991. SFAS 109 establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for the effects of income taxes that result from an enterprise's activities during the current and preceding years. It requires an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. In accordance with this implementation, the Company recorded an additional $1.0 million in income as the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle for the year ended March 31, 1992. In addition, a valuation allowance of $3.7 million was established which reduced the deferred tax assets as of April 1, 1991. Due to the Company's utilization of all net operating loss
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) carryforwards, the valuation reserve, which was related to those carryforwards, was eliminated as of December 31, 1992. Also in accordance with the implementation of SFAS 109, the Company a