licy, the Insurer shall be the entity which reviews and makes decisions on claim denials according to the terms of the Policy. 3. Notification to claimant of decision. If a claim is wholly or partially denied, notice of the decision, meeting the requirements of Section J4, following shall be furnished to the claimant within a reasonable period of time after a claim has been filed. 4. Content of notice. The Insurer shall provide, to any claimant who is denied a claim for benefits, written notice setting forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, the following: a. The specific reason or reasons for the denial; b. Specific reference to pertinent Policy provisions or provisions of this Agreement on which the denial is based; c. A description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of which such material or information is necessary; and d. An explanation of this Agreement's claim review procedure, as set forth in Sections J5 and J6.
5. Review procedure. The purpose of the review procedure set forth in this subsection and subsection 6, following, is to provide a method by which a claimant under the Policy may have a reasonable opportunity to appeal a denial of claim for a full and fair review. To accomplish that purpose, the claimant or his/her duly authorized representative: a. May request a review upon written application to the Insurer; b. May review the Policy; and c. May submit issues and comments in writing.
A claimant, (or his/her duly authorized representative), shall request a review by filing a written application of review at any time within sixty (60) days after receipt by the claimant of written notice of the denial of the claim.
6. Decision on review. A decision on review of a denial of a claim shall be made in the following matter; a. The decision on review shall be made by the Insurer which may, at its discretion, hold a hearing on the denied claim. The Insurer shall m