tes of convenience and necessity.
GSU is subject to the jurisdiction of the municipal authorities of incorporated cities in Texas as to retail rates and services within their boundaries, with appellate jurisdiction over such matters residing in the PUCT. GSU is also subject to regulation by the PUCT as to retail rates and services in rural areas, certification of new generating plants, and extensions of service into new areas. GSU is subject to regulation by the LPSC as to electric and gas service, rates and charges, certification of generating facilities and power or capacity purchase contracts, and other matters.
LP&L is subject to the jurisdiction of the LPSC as to rates and charges, standards of service, depreciation, accounting, and other matters, and is subject to the jurisdiction of the Council with respect to such matters within Algiers.
MP&L is subject to regulation as to service, service areas, facilities, and retail rates by the MPSC. MP&L is also subject to regulation by the APSC as to the certificate of environmental compatibility and public need for the Independence Station.
NOPSI is subject to regulation as to electric and gas service, rates and charges, standards of service, depreciation, accounting, issuance of certain securities, and other matters by the Council.
Franchises. AP&L holds franchises to provide electric service in 301 incorporated cities and towns in Arkansas, all of which are unlimited in duration and terminable by either party.
GSU holds non-exclusive franchises, permits, or certificates of convenience and necessity to provide electric and gas service in 55 incorporated villages, cities, and towns in Louisiana and 64 incorporated cities and towns in Texas. GSU ordinarily holds 50-year franchises in Texas towns and 60-year franchises in Louisiana towns. The present terms of GSU's electric franchises will expire in the years 2007-2036 in Texas and in the years 2015-2046 in Louisiana. The natural gas franchise in the City of Baton Rouge