he Company commenced processing the first of its projects with the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development ("HUD"). On April 28, 1993, HUD provided the Partnership with a Value Determination Letter establishing a substantial value for the project, and in August and October 1993 HUD provided technical comments on the Plan of Action necessary to complete the processing. HUD has notified the Company that it is reversing its prior Value Determination and consequently will require the Partnership to reprocess the project, using a different formula for valuation, presently being developed by HUD. Under HUD's revised formula, the project may have a substantially diminished value. The Company disagrees with the reversal of HUD's prior Value Determination position, has so notified HUD and discussions are in process regarding this matter. In light of the foregoing, the amount of cash proceeds and profits, if any, the Company could receive for its 50% residual interest in the project as well as the time required to complete the processing is uncertain. The revised HUD position also affects processing under LIHPRHA for the two similar projects in which the Company owns a 50% residual interest located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. If sustained, the revised HUD position will affect all New York projects of a similar nature.
Starrett's Construction Activities
Through its HRH Construction Corporation subsidiary ("HRH"), the Company primarily acts as construction manager in the construction of institutional, office and residential projects, most of which are located in the New York Metropolitan area. HRH builds projects either as a construction manager on a cost plus fee basis or a general contractor in which case it assumes the construction risk. The construction management and general contracting fees and other income earned by HRH during 1993, 1992 and 1991 were $4,000,000, $5,396,000 and $8,117,000, respectively. See "Segment Information," page 8.
As a r