t of Stockholders' Equity. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS. For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the Company classifies all highly-liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less as cash equivalents.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS. Intangible assets represent the cost of acquired companies in excess of the fair market value of their net tangible assets at acquisition date, and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of 40 years.
INCOME TAXES. Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes (FAS 109). Under FAS 109, deferred taxes are computed based on the difference between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate. As permitted under the provisions of FAS 109, the Company elected not to restate prior years and has determined that the cumulative effect of implementation was immaterial.
NOTE B -- ACQUISITIONS In July 1986, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Robert Half Incorporated, the franchisor of the Accountemps and Robert Half operations. Subsequently, in 57 separate transactions the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of certain corporations operating Accountemps and Robert Half franchised offices in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada as well as other personnel services businesses. The Company has paid approximately $185 million in cash, stock, notes and other indebtedness in these acquisitions, excluding transaction costs and cash acquired.
These acquisitions were accounted for as purchases, and the excess of cost over the fair market value of the net tangible assets acquired is being amortized over 40 years using the straight-line method. Results of operations of the acquired companies are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income fr