sed on prime rates or one year Constant Maturity Treasuries ("CMT") rates and adjust monthly or generally not greater than one year. Fair values of non-performing loans are based on the assumption that non- performing loans are on a non-accrual status discounted at market rates during a 24 month work-out period. Assumptions regarding credit risk are judgementally determined using available market information and specific borrower information. The fair value of tax certificates and other investment securities is calculated by discounting estimated cash flows using estimated market discount rates that reflect the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the investment. Tax certificates do not have stated maturities. Estimated cash flows were based on BankAtlantic's historical experience, modified by current economic conditions. Fair value of mortgage-backed securities is estimated based on bid prices available from security dealers. Under FAS 107, the fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as non-interest bearing demand deposits, savings and NOW accounts, and money market and checking accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand at December 31, 1993. The fair value of certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using alternative borrowing rates adjusted for maintenance and insurance costs. The book value of securities sold under agreements to repurchase approximates market value. The fair values of advances from FHLB, capital notes and other subordinated debentures were based upon comparable terms to maturity, interest rates and issuer credit standing. The following table presents information for BankAtlantic's financial instruments at December 31, 1993 and 1992 (in thousands):
The contract amount and related fees of BankAtlantic's commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, and financial guarantees approximates fair value (see Note 16 for the contractual amounts o