ences that give rise to deferred tax assets or liabilities at December 31, 1993 and 1992 are as follows:
LEGGETT & PLATT, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
H -- INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED) Deferred tax assets and liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheets are as follows:
Income tax expense, as a percentage of earnings before income taxes, differs from the statutory federal income tax rate as follows:
Tax benefits of approximately $2.0 associated with the Company's restructuring charge were not recognized during 1990. These tax benefits became available during 1992 and were recognized accordingly.
I -- INDUSTRY SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company's operations principally consist of the manufacturing of components and related finished products for the furnishings industry. In addition, the Company supplies a diversified group of industries with products which are similar in manufacturing technology to its furnishings operations. Other than furnishings, no industry segment is significant.
The Company's products are sold primarily through its own sales personnel to customers in all states of the United States. Foreign sales are a minor portion of the Company's business. No single customer accounts for as much as 10% of sales.
Operating profit is determined by deducting from net sales the cost of goods sold and the selling, distribution, administrative and other expenses attributable to the segment operations. Corporate expenses not allocated to the segments include corporate general and administrative expenses, interest expense and certain other income and deduction items which are incidental to the Company's operations. Capital expenditures, as defined herein, include amounts relating to acquisitions as well as internal expenditures. The identifiable assets of industry segments are those used in the Company's
LEGGETT & PLATT, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
I -