n affiliates were approximately $152 million, $161 million, and $159 million for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. The decrease noted in 1993 is a result of the currency exchange impact of the weaker lire on translated results. Our largest international subsidiary, Lowara S.p.A. (WTG-Europe) located in Italy, also has wholly-owned subsidiaries in Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands, and 90% owned subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Germany. Lowara fabricates stainless-steel pumps which are sold worldwide and has recently introduced several key new products with significant growth potential. The Canadian operation includes a new manufacturing facility in Cambridge, Ontario, for water systems products and for industrial products, as well as sales offices in Montreal and Calgary. The Philippines subsidiary manufactures residential and agricultural water systems pumps. The Mexican operation manufactures various pumps for industrial and agricultural applications. The Venezuelan subsidiary produces and markets certain industrial and water systems pumps primarily in Venezuelan markets. The Korean operation is an assembly and testing facility opened in May 1992 to provide support to customers in the Asia-Pacific region. The Netherlands operation is an assembly, testing and distribution site for industrial products. The Singapore operation is an assembly and distribution site for both IPG and WTG products serving the Asia-Pacific region.
The international sales efforts of the Company's employees are supplemented by local sales representatives. Offices to support foreign sales have been established in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Singapore, Republic of Singapore; Cairo, Egypt; Athens, Greece; IJmuiden, Netherlands; Dammam, Saudi Arabia; Southhampton, England; Beijing, China; Taipei, Taiwan; Lima, Peru and Seoul, South Korea. In addition, the foreign operations maintain sales personnel to market their respective products.
Export sales from the United States were $62 mi