e Company believes there are meritorious defenses to substantially all of the above claims and that any liability which may finally be determined should not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position.
RATE REGULATION - On April 8, 1992, the FERC issued Order No. 636 ("Order 636"), which required significant changes in the services provided by interstate natural gas pipelines. Subsidiaries of the Company and numerous other parties have sought judicial review of aspects of Order 636.
ANR Pipeline placed its restructured services under Order 636 into effect on November 1, 1993. ANR Pipeline now offers a wide range of unbundled transportation, storage and balancing services. Several persons, including ANR Pipeline, have sought judicial review of aspects of the FERC's orders approving ANR Pipeline's restructuring filings.
Order 636 also provides mechanisms for recovery of transition costs associated with compliance with that Order. These transition costs include gas supply realignment costs, the cost of stranded pipeline investment and the cost of new facilities required to implement Order 636. ANR Pipeline expects that it will incur transition costs of
approximately $150 million. As a result of the recovery mechanisms provided under Order 636, the Company anticipates that these transition costs will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or its results of operations.
On December 17, 1992, the FERC issued a policy statement that outlined changes on how pipelines may recover the costs of employees' post-retirement benefits other than pensions. The FERC's policy will be to recognize, as a component of jurisdictional cost-based rates, allowances for FAS 106 costs of company employees when determined on an accrual basis, provided certain conditions are met.
On November 1, 1993, ANR Pipeline filed a general rate increase with the FERC. The proposed rates reflect a $121 million increase in ANR Pi