notes. The Company has a number of subordinated or junior mortgages which remit payment based on hotel cash flow. Because there is substantial doubt that the Company will recover their face value, these mortgages have not been valued in the Company's consolidated financial statements. Interest on cash flow mortgages and delinquent loans is only recognized when cash is received.
Property, equipment and leasehold improvements
Property, equipment and leasehold improvements that the Company intends to continue to operate are stated at their fair market value as of July 31, 1992 plus the cost of acquisitions subsequent to that date less accumulated depreciation and amortization from August 1, 1992. Provision is made for depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Properties identified for disposal are stated at their estimated net realizable value.
Income taxes
The Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated Federal income tax return. For financial reporting purposes, the Company follows Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 ("FAS 109"). In accordance with FAS 109, as well as SOP 90-7, income taxes have been provided at statutory rates in effect during the period. Tax benefits associated with net operating loss carryforwards and other temporary differences that existed at the time fresh start reporting was adopted are reflected as a contribution to stockholders' equity in the period in which they are realized.
Income per common share
Net income per common share is computed based on the weighted average number of common shares and common share equivalents outstanding during each period. The weighted average number of common shares used in computing primary net income per share was 33,808,000 for the year ended December 31, 1993 and 33,000,000 for the five months ended December 31, 1992. The dilutive effect of stock warrants and options during the year en