ooperSurgical, Inc. acquired another company, which develops and markets surgical instruments principally used for performing gynecologic procedures.
In May 1992, another newly-formed subsidiary of TCC acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Hospital Group of America, Inc. ('Original HGA'), a corporation indirectly owned by Nu-Med, Inc. ('Nu-Med'). In June 1992, Original HGA was merged with and into TCC's subsidiary, with that subsidiary surviving such merger and changing its name to Hospital Group of America, Inc. ('HGA'). Pursuant to the acquisition, HGA acquired facilities providing both psychiatric and substance abuse treatment for children, adolescents and adults.
In addition, PSG Management, Inc., another newly-formed subsidiary of TCC ('PSG Management'), entered into a three-year management services agreement (the 'Management Services Agreement') in May 1992, pursuant to which it provides management and administrative services to three facilities still owned by Nu-Med subsidiaries. Those facilities provide a range of specialized treatments for children, adolescents and adults, including programs for women, older adults, survivors of psychological trauma and alcohol and drug abusers. Treatments at both the owned and managed facilities are provided on an inpatient, outpatient and partial hospitalization basis.
In April 1993, CooperVision, Inc. acquired all of the stock of CoastVision, Inc., which manufactures and markets soft toric contact lenses designed to correct astigmatism.
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT
The Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 'Investment Company Act'), places restrictions on the capital structure of, and the business activities that may be undertaken by, investment companies. The Investment Company Act defines an investment company as, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, an issuer that is engaged in the business of investing or trading in
securities and which owns 'investment securities' (as such 