in in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole.
ARTHUR ANDERSEN & CO.
Roseland, New Jersey March 10, 1993
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Prime Motor Inns, Inc. (Debtor-in-Possession)
We have audited the consolidated balance sheet of Prime Motor Inns, Inc. and Subsidiaries (Debtors-in-Possession) as of June 30, 1992, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficiency) and cash flows for the years ended June 30, 1992 and 1991. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the accompanying financial statement schedules for the years ended June 30, 1992 and 1991. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Prime Motor Inns, Inc. and Subsidiaries (Debtors-in-Possession) as of June 30, 1992, and their results of operations and cash flows for the years ended June 30, 1992 and 1991, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related fina