Item 1. Business 1 Item 2.


Item 2. Properties 15 Item 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company has been made a defendant in a lawsuit brought by Entech Sales & Service, Inc., on behalf of a purported class of contractors engaged in the service and repair of commercial air conditioning equipment. The suit, which was filed on March 5, 1993, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, alleges principally that the manner in which Air Conditioning Products distributes repair service parts for its equipment violates Federal antitrust laws and demands $680 million in damages (which are subject to trebling under the antitrust laws) and injunctive relief. The Company has filed an answer denying all claims and is preparing to defend itself vigorously. The issue of whether Entech may maintain this action as a class action is pending before the court. In management's opinion the litigation should not have any material adverse effect on the financial position, cash flows, or results of operations of the Company.
There are no other material legal proceedings. For a discussion of German tax issues see "ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- Liquidity and Capital Resources". For a discussion of environmental issues see "ITEM 1. BUSINESS - -- Regulations and Environmental Matters."
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
By the unanimous written consent of the sole holder of the common stock of the Company dated as of December 2, 1993, the following individuals were elected as directors of the Company, each to serve in office until the next annual meeting of the stockholder of the Company or until such individual's respective successor shall have been elected and shall qualify, or until such individual's earlier death, resignation or removal as provided in the By-laws of the Company:
Horst Hinrichs Frank T. Nickell Emmanuel A. Kampouris J. Danforth Quayle George H. Ker