each of contract, costs, interest and attorneys fees. In April 1988, BankAtlantic joined in a motion to stay the proceedings pending resolution of a similar action filed in Pennsylvania and transferred to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida. The stay with respect to the proceedings remains in effect.
Marvin E. Blum, et al vs. BFC Financial Corporation; Alan B. Levan and Jack Abdo. Case No. 88-6277, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. This litigation was commenced on February 11, 1988, by International Apparel Associates as a class action against BFC Financial Corporation and Alan Levan. Subsequently, the Borkson plaintiffs and their counsel were substituted for International Apparel, with Dr. Marvin Blum being designated as the class representative. Jack Abdo was also added as a party defendant. The plaintiff class was certified by the district court as "all persons, other than defendants, and their affiliates, officers, and members of their immediate family who owned shares of BankAtlantic common stock on February 6, 1988, or their successors in interest".
The Second Amended Complaint, upon which this action is presently based, asserts a claim for breach of contract and a claim for violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Plaintiffs allege that they, as minority shareholders of BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank, are third party beneficiaries of an option agreement between BFC Financial Corporation and Dr. Pearce requiring BFC Financial Corporation to offer to purchase all their shares of BankAtlantic subject to certain conditions. Plaintiffs claim that none of the conditions set forth in the Pearce Agreement arose to excuse BFC Financial Corporation from offering to buy the shares; defendants claim that those conditions did in fact occur and that BFC Financial Corporation did not, therefore, have any obligation to offer to purchase the shares. Plaintiffs also allege that defendants