 the breast implants.
On October 29, 1992, the Delaware Chancery Court in Medical Engineering Corporation and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company v. The Cooper Companies, Inc. ruled that, as between BMS and MEC, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other, the Company is responsible for product liability claims and obligations relating to breast implants sold by Natural Y before December 14, 1988, irrespective of when the claims are brought. On September 28, 1993, the Company announced that it had entered into an agreement with MEC (the 'MEC Agreement') settling this litigation between the Company and BMS and MEC. Pursuant to the MEC Agreement, MEC has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, to take responsibility for all legal fees and other costs, and to pay all judgments and settlements, resulting from all pending and future claims in respect of breast implants sold by Aesthetech and Natural Y prior to their acquisition by MEC (including the above-mentioned lawsuits), and the Company has withdrawn its appeal of the Delaware Chancery Court decision and agreed, among other things, to make certain payments to MEC. Pursuant to the terms of the MEC Agreement, MEC could have terminated the agreement if the Exchange Offer and Solicitation relating to its Debentures (or an alternative restructuring of the Debentures or other amendment, forebearance or waiver with respect to the Debentures) was not completed on terms satisfactory to the Company by February 1, 1994. The Exchange Offer and Solicitation was completed on January 6, 1994. See Notes 14 and 19.
The Company was named as a defendant in a civil action entitled Site Microsurgical Systems v. The Cooper Companies, Inc. filed in the United States District Court of Delaware on November 13, 1990. The plaintiff alleged that the Company infringed one of its U.S. patents through sales by the CooperVision Surgical Division ('CVS') of certain cassettes and systems utilizing such cassettes prior to the sale of CVS in February, 1989