Item 1. Business
Federal Realty Investment Trust is an owner, operator and redeveloper of community and neighborhood shopping centers. The Trust is a self- administered real estate investment trust, founded in 1962. Since January 1989, the Trust has been managing, leasing, and supervising renovations of most of its properties.
The Trust operates in a manner intended to enable it to qualify as a real estate investment trust (REIT) under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code. Under those sections, a REIT which distributes at least 95% of its real estate investment trust taxable income to its shareholders each year and which meets certain other conditions will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. The Trust intends to continue to qualify and to distribute substantially all of its taxable income to its shareholders. Therefore, no provision for Federal income taxes is required.
The Trust's real estate portfolio has increased from 42 properties as of January 1989 to 49 properties as of December 31, 1993. During this five year period the Trust acquired 11 shopping centers, containing approximately 2.5 million square feet, at a cost of $196.0 million and sold four shopping centers containing 692,000 square feet. During this same period the Trust spent over $130 million to renovate, expand and improve its properties. Two of the 11 shopping centers acquired during the last five years were acquired under capital leases with an original recorded value of $34.0 million; one was acquired subject to a $2.5 million mortgage and the remainder were acquired with cash. This growth was financed primarily through borrowings and equity offerings, since each year the Trust has distributed all or the majority of its cash provided by operating activities to its shareholders.
At December 31, 1993 the Trust owned or had a leasehold interest in 47 community and neighborhood shopping centers and one air-conditioned partially enclose