its and losses to the General Partner, Associated Limited Partners and Limited Partners.
The net income (loss) per Limited Partnership Interest is based upon the number of Limited Partnership Interests outstanding at the end of each period (404,005).
ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P. (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED VENTURES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Reclassifications
During 1992, the Partnership evaluated the presentation and classification of information in its consolidated financial statements, the usefulness of such information and its conformity with the financial statements of other real estate developers and builders. As a result of this evaluation, the Partnership restructured the presentation of financial information in its Consolidated Statements of Operations. Such reclassifications are reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991. Certain reclassifications have also been made to the 1991 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows to conform with the 1992 presentation. Management believes that these reclassifications have resulted in a more informative presentation of the Partnership's financial information.
Certain reclassifications have also been made to the 1992 and 1991 financial statements to conform to the 1993 presentation.
Income Taxes
No provision for state or Federal income taxes has been made as the liability for such taxes is that of the partners rather than the Partnership. However, in certain instances, the Partnership has been required under applicable state law to remit directly to the state tax authorities amounts representing withholding on applicable taxable income allocated to partners.
(2) INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
The Partnership's assets consist principally of interests in land which is in the process of being developed into master-planned residential Communities (the "Communities") and, to a l