wever, income is deferred and recognized under installment or other appropriate methods when collectibility of the sales price is
PRIME HOSPITALITY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JULY 31, 1992 AND JUNE 30, 1992 AND 1991 (CONTINUED)
not reasonably assured or other criteria for immediate profit recognition under generally accepted accounting principles are not satisfied. Gains from sales of properties under sale and leaseback transactions that are generally deferred pursuant to applicable accounting rules are amortized over the lives of the related leases. Gains from sales of properties and certain other assets acquired through business combinations accounted for as purchases are generally offset against the carrying value of the remaining purchased assets if the sale takes place within the allocation period (generally a period of one year or less) following the purchase.
Construction income recognition and deferred income
Revenues under long-term construction contracts are generally recognized under the percentage-of-completion method and include a portion of the earnings expected to be realized on the contract in the ratio of costs incurred to estimated total costs. Under certain circumstances, the recognition of income is deferred until continuing involvement, in the form of operating guarantees made to the owners of the hotel property subject to the contract, has expired.
Income taxes
The Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated Federal income tax return. PMI adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 ("FAS 109"), "Accounting for Income Taxes, "by applying FAS 109 to its consolidated financial statements commencing July 1, 1991. PMI used the "deferred method" of accounting for income taxes through June 30, 1991. Adoption of FAS 109 did not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Deferred taxes have not been provided as of July 31, 1992 and June