s is generally allocated among many waste generators. The range of reasonably possible losses in these proceedings, to the extent not already provided for, is not significant.
In addition, the Company is involved in lawsuits and state and Federal administrative proceedings under the environmental and equal employment opportunity laws, among others. The relief sought in such lawsuits and proceedings includes injunctions, damages and penalties.
Although the final results in these suits and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the present opinion of the Company, after consulting with counsel, that they will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
This item is inapplicable because no matter was submitted during the fourth quarter of 1993 to a vote of the Company's security holders.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The following chart shows, as of March 10, 1994, the names, ages, current positions and areas of responsibility, and the dates applicable to such positions and areas of responsibility, for the Company's executive officers. Previous positions and areas of responsibility over the past five years, where applicable, are included in footnotes for all persons listed.
There is no "family relationship" between any of these officers or between any such officer and any Director of the Company. Each officer is elected at the regular meeting of the Board of Directors next following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to serve for one year and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified.
- ------- (/1/) In November 1993, Mr. Lippincott announced his plan to retire as the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and as a Director on April 1, 1994. As stated in the Company's Proxy Statement, the relevant pages of which are incorporated in Item 10, upon the request of the Board of Directors, Mr. Lippincott has agreed to stand for election