hting Rebate Program as of July 1, 1993. Through December 31, 1993, the Company had received applications for $7.5 million in rebates related to the commercial lighting program. Program costs, including rebates and lost revenues, are deferred and are to be recovered through an energy conservation surcharge over a five-year period.
Capital Requirements Construction expenditures for 1993 were $179 million and for 1994 and 1995 are estimated at $136 million and $106 million, respectively. These estimates include $40 million and $10 million, respectively, for substantial completion of the program of complying with Phase I of the CAAA. It is anticipated that the Harrison Scrubber Project will be completed on schedule (late 1994) and that the final cost will be approximately 24% below the original budget. Primary factors contributing to the reduced cost include: 1) the absence of any major construction problems to date; 2) financing and material and equipment costs lower than expected; and 3) favorable rulings of state commissions allowing the inclusion of carrying costs of construction in rates in lieu of AFUDC. Construction expenditures through the year 2000 may include substantial amounts for compliance with both Phase I and Phase II of the CAAA. The Company is estimating amounts of approximately $350 million, which includes $153 million expended through 1993, depending upon the strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II. The mere possibility of new legislation which restricts or discourages carbon dioxide emissions, either through taxation or caps, further complicates the CAAA Phase II planning process. The remaining amount of this CAAA construction estimate, together with normal construction activity assures that continuing external financings will be required. In addition, the Company has
M-24
additional annual capital requirements of an annual preferred stock sinking fund ($1.2 million) and debt maturities (see Note H to the financial statements).
Int