llow the senior lenders' acceleration of the debt which the Company would, under these circumstances, be unable to pay. Additionally, acceleration by the senior lenders, if not cured, would enable the trustee or holders of the Company's Subordinated Debentures to require the Company by notice to cause the acceleration to be rescinded within 30 days of such notice. If the Company is unable to accomplish this, the trustee or holders of at least 25% of the Subordinated Debentures could demand immediate payment of the Subordinated Debentures. In such event, the Company would not have sufficient funds to pay the $300 million of outstanding Subordinated Debentures.
Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries. Significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company uses the equity method to account for investments in a partnership and other corporations in which it does not own a majority voting interest.
Translation of Foreign Currencies: Assets and liabilities of international operations are translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates. Income and expense accounts are translated into U.S. dollars at average rates of exchange prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments are reflected as a separate component of shareholders' equity.
Cash Equivalents: Cash equivalents include investments in government securities funds and certificates of deposit. Investment periods are generally less than one month.
Inventories: Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or market, cost being determined principally on the basis of standards which approximate actual costs on the first-in, first-out method.
Revenue Recognition: Revenues, other than for long-term contracts, are recorded generally when the Company's products are shipped. Revenues on long-term contracts are recorded principally using the percentage-of-completion method measured on a unit of deliver