iciency of the respective railroads.
NS is responding to concerns regarding the emission of coal dust from in- transit coal trains. Testing is under way of various methods of controlling such emissions. However, at this time final results of the testing and estimated costs that may be incurred to implement the conclusions resulting therefrom are not available.
NS and the rail industry are continuing their efforts to replace the FELA with a no-fault workers' compensation system, which we strongly believe to be fairer both to the rail industry and to its employees.
(Continued)
(Continued)
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The following notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation - --------------------------- The consolidated financial statements include Norfolk Southern Corporation (Norfolk Southern) and its majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries (collectively NS). The major subsidiaries are Norfolk Southern Railway Company and North American Van Lines, Inc. (NAVL). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Cash Equivalents - ---------------- Cash equivalents are highly liquid investments purchased three months or less from maturity. The carrying value approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these investments.
Materials and Supplies - ---------------------- Materials and supplies, which consist mainly of fuel oil and items for maintenance of property and equipment, are stated at average cost. The cost of materials and supplies expected to be used in capital additions or improvements is included in properties.
Properties - ---------- Properties are stated principally at cost and are depreciated using group depreciation. Rail is primarily depreciated on the basis of use measured by gross ton miles. The effect of this method is to write off these a