or any potential deductible to be paid by the Company. These reserves are maintained upon Nu-Med's financial statements and are not allocated to individual subsidiaries. The costs and deductibles associated with the policy are allocated to the Company and are included in operating expenses. Subsequent to October 1, 1991, the Company became directly responsible for its own malpractice insurance, with Nu-Med being responsible for any tail coverage through May 29, 1992.
B. NET PATIENT SERVICE REVENUE
The Company has agreements with third-party payors that provide for payments to the Company at amounts different from its established rates. A summary of the payment arrangements with major third-party payors follows:
Commercial Insurance -- Most commercial insurance carriers reimburse the Company on the basis of the hospitals' charges, subject to the rates and limits specified in their policies. Patients covered by commercial insurance generally remain responsible for any differences between insurance proceeds and total charges.
Blue Cross -- Reimbursement under Blue Cross plans varies depending on the areas in which the Company presently operates facilities. Benefits paid to the Company can be charge-based, cost-based, negotiated per diem rates or approved through a state rate setting process.
Medicare -- Services rendered to Medicare program beneficiaries are reimbursed under a retrospectively determined reasonable cost system with final settlement determined after submission of annual cost reports by the Company and audits thereof by the Medicare fiscal intermediary.
Managed Care -- Services rendered to subscribers of health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and similar organizations are reimbursed based on prospective negotiated rates.
The Company's business activities are primarily with large insurance companies and federal and state agencies or their intermediaries. Other than adjustments arising from audits by certain of these agencies, th