Item 1. Business.
Carolina Freight Corporation is a freight transportation holding company whose primary subsidiaries are Carolina Freight Carriers Corporation ("Carolina"), Red Arrow Freight Lines, Inc. ("Red Arrow"), G.I. Trucking Company ("G.I."), Cardinal Freight Carriers, Inc. ("Cardinal"), The Complete Logistics Company, Inc. ("CLC"), and Innovative Logistics Incorporated ("ILI"). The consolidated revenue of the Corporation ranks it among the ten largest motor carriers of general freight in the United States.
Through its subsidiary carriers, Carolina Freight Corporation serves all of the 50 largest Standard Metropolitan Statistical Areas of the United States.
In addition to their independent operations, Carolina, G.I. and Red Arrow use rail carriers to provide intermodal transportation between their areas of operation.
Subsidiaries of Carolina Freight Corporation presently provide services for customers in over 130 countries in North America, Africa, Australia, New Zealand, South America, Central America, Eastern and Western Europe, the Middle East, Asia and throughout the Pacific Rim and the Caribbean Sea.
The Corporation`s consolidated insurance subsidiary, Motor Carrier Insurance, Ltd., a Bermuda company, provides cargo, public liability and workers' compensation insurance coverage, under reinsurance agreements, to the Corporation's operating subsidiaries.
The Corporation's principal offices are located at North Carolina Highway No. 150 East, Cherryville, North Carolina 28021, and its telephone number is 704/435-6811.
On December 31, 1993, the Corporation had 11,174 total employees.
Unless the context requires otherwise, reference to the Corporation in this report shall mean Carolina Freight Corporation and its subsidiaries.
CAROLINA FREIGHT CARRIERS
Carolina Freight Carriers is an over-the-road motor carrier which began operations in 1932 as Beam Trucking Company. The company has its headquarters in Cherryville, North Carolina and operates as a transporter