of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly in all material respects, the financial position of Cummins Engine Company, Inc., and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As explained in Note 1 to the financial statements, effective January 1, 1992, the Company changed its method of accounting for the cost of retirees' health care and life insurance benefits, postemployment benefits and income taxes. Also, as disclosed in Note 1, effective January 1, 1991, the Company changed its method of accounting for inventory and depreciation.
Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the consolidated statements taken as a whole. The schedules listed under Item 14 are the responsibility of the Company's management and are presented for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and are not part of the basic consolidated financial statements. These schedules have been subjected to