 basis over 40 years. Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization of $1.9 million and $1.3 million, was $18.7 million and $18.5 million as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Amortization expense was $.5 million for each year 1993, 1992 and 1991.
Income Taxes: In February 1992, Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, was issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) which, among other things, requires that recognition of deferred income taxes be measured by the provisions of enacted tax laws in effect at the date of the financial statements. This Statement was adopted by GATC in the first quarter of 1992. The cumulative effect of the adoption of this Statement was to reduce the deferred tax liability by $37.8 million in 1992. This amount was added to net income and thereby to shareholders' equity.
United States income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and affiliates which GATC intends to permanently reinvest in these foreign operations. The cumulative amount of such earnings was $89.5 million at December 31, 1993.
Other Deferred Items: Other deferred items include the accrual for postretirement benefits other than pensions in addition to environmental, general liability, and workers' compensation reserves and other deferred credits.
GENERAL AMERICAN TRANSPORTATION CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D)
NOTE A--SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)
Environmental Liabilities: Expenditures that relate to current or future operations are expensed or capitalized as appropriate. Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations and do not contribute to current or future revenue generation are charged to environmental reserves. Reserves are recorded in accordance with accounting guidelines to cover work at identified sites when GATC's liability for environmental clean-up is both probable and a m