ibed in the footnotes (g) and (h) on the previous page. 1990 includes a $127 million write-down of molybdenum assets.
OIL AND GAS FINANCIAL DATA
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Results of operations of oil and gas exploration and production activities are shown below. Sales revenues are net of royalty and net profits interests. Other revenues primarily include gains on sales of oil and gas properties, natural gas contract settlements and miscellaneous rental income.
Production costs include lifting costs and taxes other than income. Other operating expenses primarily include administrative and general expense. Exploration expenses consist of geological and geophysical costs, leasehold rentals and dry hole costs. Income tax expense is based on the tax effects arising from the operations. Results of operations do not include general corporate overhead and interest costs.
COSTS INCURRED
Costs incurred in oil and gas property acquisition, exploration and development activities, either capitalized or charged to expense, are shown below. Data for the company's capitalized costs related to petroleum production and exploration activities are presented in Note 10.
AVERAGE SALES PRICE AND PRODUCTION COSTS PER UNIT (UNAUDITED)
The average sales price is based on sales revenues and volumes attributable to net working interest production. The average production costs per barrel presented below are based on equivalent petroleum barrels, including natural gas converted at a ratio of 5.3 MCF to one barrel of oil which represents the energy content of the wet gas.
OIL AND GAS RESERVE DATA (UNAUDITED)
Estimates of physical quantities of oil and gas reserves, determined by company engineers, for the years 1993, 1992 and 1991 are as shown below. As defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, proved oil and gas reserves are the estimated quantities of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable 