none for fixed stock options.
The proposed Statement would recognize the fair value of an award of equity instruments to employees as additional equity at the date the award is granted. Amounts attributable to future service would be recognized as an asset, prepaid compensation, and would be amortized ratably over the period(s) that the related employee services are rendered. If an award is for past services, the related compensation cost would be recognized in the period in which the award is granted.
The final measurement date for equity instruments granted to employees as compensation is the date at which the stock price that enters into the measurement of the transaction is fixed. Stock price changes after that date have no effect on measuring the value of the equity instrument issued or the related compensation cost. This proposed Statement would require that restricted stock, stock options, and other equity instruments issued to employees as compensation, and the related compensation cost, be measured based on the stock price at the date an award is granted.
Accounting for the cost of employees services is based on the value of compensation paid, which is presumed to be a measure of the value of services received. Accordingly, the compensation cost stemming from employee stock options is measured based on the fair value of stock options granted. This proposed Statement would require that the fair value of a stock option (or its equivalent) granted by a public entity be estimated using a pricing model, such as the Black-Scholes or binomial option-pricing models, that takes into account the exercise price and expected term of the option, the current price of the underlying stock, its expected volatility, the expected dividend yield on the stock, and the risk-free interest rate during the expected term of the option. The proposed requirements provide for reducing the estimated value of employees stock options below that produced by an option-pricing model for non