on, Hanes is a
LEGGETT & PLATT, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
B -- ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED) commission dye/finisher of non-fashion fabrics for the furnishings and apparel industries. In another pooling of interests transaction, the Company issued 68,788 shares of common stock to acquire a company whose business is manufacturing furniture components for the furnishings industry. Previously issued financial statements have been restated to reflect the poolings. Separate results of operations for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 are as follows:
In September 1993, the Company acquired VWR Textiles & Supplies, Inc. (through Hanes) which converts and distributes construction fabrics and manufactures and distributes other soft goods components to the furnishings industry. The purchase price of this acquisition was approximately $26.0. Also in 1993, the Company acquired full ownership of several wire drawing mills which previously had been jointly owned. This transaction involved $33.0 in cash and the assumption of approximately $3.6 of long term debt. In addition, the Company acquired several smaller companies during 1993 which primarily manufacture and distribute products to the furnishings industry. The following unaudited pro forma information shows the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992 as though the 1993 acquisitions accounted for as purchases had occurred on January 1 of each year presented. These pro forma amounts reflect purchase accounting adjustments, interest on incremental borrowings and the tax effects thereof. This pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of either results of operations that would have occurred had the purchases been made on January 1 of each year or of future results of the combined companies.
During 1992, the Company acquired the assets of one small company that primarily manufactures bedding and furniture components