essentially the same as in 1992. The Television Network's strong household ratings and better unit prices resulted in increased sales in 1993 from its regularly scheduled programming which largely compensated for the absence of the sales generated from the broadcasts of the Olympic Winter Games and the Super Bowl in 1992. As a result, the Company's operating income improved significantly in 1993 over 1992 from the Television Network's more profitable entertainment and news programs. The Television Stations Division recorded increased sales and profits at all stations except Los Angeles. The Radio Division experienced a significant improvement in earnings, attributable to sales increases at most of its stations and to lower operating costs. Also, in 1993, earnings benefited from a legal settlement with Viacom and an insurance settlement for hurricane damage to the Company's television station in Miami (both of which were included in other income, net); capital gains from the sale of marketable securities; a favorable Federal income tax audit settlement; and deferred tax benefits resulting from new Federal tax law-all of which contributed $5.33 to earnings per share. The Company's sales and operating income improved significantly in 1992. The Television Network's stronger primetime program schedule, as well as the sales generated by the acquisition of Midwest Communications, Inc. (Midwest) (note 2), contributed to the sales and operating income increases. The sales increases due to the broadcasts of the Olympic Winter Games and the Super Bowl were largely offset by their related costs. In 1991 and 1990, the Company recorded operating losses due mainly to the provisions for losses on its Major League Baseball and National Football League television contracts (note 3). Interest income increased slightly in 1993. In 1992 and 1991, it decreased from previous years, largely as a result of the sale of marketable securities to fund the Company's $2 billion repurchase of its 