m is incorporated by reference to pages 8 and 9 of HEI's Definitive Proxy Statement, prepared for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 19, 1994, and filed herein as HEI Exhibit 22.
HECO:
HEI owns all of the common stock of HECO, which is HECO's only class of voting securities. HECO has also issued and has outstanding various series of preferred stock, the holders of which, upon certain defaults in dividend payments, have the right to elect a majority of the directors of HECO.
The following table shows the shares of HEI common stock beneficially owned by each HECO director, named HECO executive officers as listed in the Summary Compensation Table on page 57 and by HECO directors and officers as a group, as of February 10, 1994, based on information furnished by the respective individuals.
* Also a named executive officer listed in the Summary Compensation Table on page 57.
** Excludes HECO directors Messrs. Clarke, Henderson, Kaito, and Williamson and Ms. Plotts, who also serve on the HEI Board of Directors. The information required is incorporated by reference to pages 8 and 9 of HEI's Definitive Proxy Statement, prepared for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 19, 1994, and filed herein as HEI Exhibit 22. Messrs. Clarke and Williamson are also named executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table on page 10 of the above-referenced Definitive Proxy Statement of HEI.
***The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by any HECO director or by all HECO directors and officers as a group does not exceed 1% of the outstanding common stock of HEI.
(1) Sole voting and investment power.
(2) Shared voting and investment power (shares registered in name of respective individual and spouse).
(3) Shares owned by spouse, children or other relatives sharing the home of the director or an officer in the group and in which personal interest of the director or officer is disclaimed.
(4) Stock options exercisable within 60 day