 the above-mentioned lawsuits), and the Company has withdrawn its appeal of the Delaware Chancery Court decision and agreed, among other things, to make certain payments to MEC. Pursuant to the terms of the MEC Agreement, MEC could have terminated the
agreement if the exchange offer and consent solicitation (the 'Exchange Offer and Solicitation') relating to its Debentures (or an alternative restructuring of the Debentures or other amendment, forebearance or waiver with respect to the Debentures) was not completed on terms satisfactory to the Company by February 1, 1994. The Exchange Offer and Solicitation was completed on January 6, 1994. See Item 7 -- 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Capital Resources and Liquidity' and Notes 14 and 19.
The Company was named as a defendant in a civil action entitled Site Microsurgical Systems v. The Cooper Companies, Inc. filed in the United States District Court of Delaware on November 13, 1990. The plaintiff alleged that the Company infringed one of its U.S. patents through sales by the CooperVision Surgical Division ('CVS') of certain cassettes and systems utilizing such cassettes prior to the sale of CVS in February, 1989. The Company denied the plaintiff's allegations and counterclaimed for a Declaratory Judgment of non-infringement and invalidity of the plaintiff's patent-in-suit. This lawsuit was settled in October 1993. Pursuant to the settlement, the Company made a cash payment to the plaintiff and the parties terminated a generic ophthalmic pharmaceutical supply agreement.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
The 1993 Annual Meeting of Stockholders was held on September 14, 1993.
Eight individuals were nominated to serve as directors of the Company. Information with respect to votes cast for or against such nominees is set forth below:
On June 14, 1993, the Company acquired from Cooper Life Sciences, Inc. ('CLS') 160,600 shares of its 