t No. 106 (referred to as exogenous treatment). In January 1993, the FCC issued an order denying exogenous treatment for these incremental costs, but did not preclude the seeking of exogenous treatment of the transition benefit obligation in a separate filing in 1993. In February 1993, the Telephone Company joined with other local exchange carriers in an appeal of the January 1993 FCC order. In April 1993, the Telephone Company filed tariffs with the FCC requesting exogenous treatment of the transition benefit obligation. In June 1993, the FCC allowed the proposed rates to go into effect on July 1, 1993, subject to further investigation which could result in future refunds for all or part of the amount attributable to the transition benfit obligation. Potential refunds are currently being accrued by the Telephone Company; however, any future refunds are not expected to have a material impact on financial results.
Competition
Information relating to actual and potential competition impacting the Telephone Company's local exchange, vertical services, access and intraLATA toll revenues is included under the heading "Competition" in Item 1 on page 8 of this report.
Other Business Matters
Operational Restructuring During the third quarter of 1993, the Telephone Company announced a restructuring of its operations. The restructuring realigns the Telephone Company into two operating divisions, Customer Services, comprised of nine geographic market areas, and Network Services, which focuses on technology planning and deployment. As part of the restructuring, approximately 800 management positions were eliminated during 1993. Costs for severance, relocation and benefits associated with the positions currently eliminated were accrued during 1993, reducing net income by approximately $35. Over the next 18 to 24 months, approximately 700 additional management positions will be eliminated.
Pending Litigation The Telephone Company is presently engaged in litigation with four Texas