ciation has increased its efforts to reduce the amount of such assets. The Association seeks to reduce nonperforming assets by aggressively pursuing loan delinquencies through collection and foreclosure processes and, if foreclosed, disposing rapidly of the acquired real estate. Management believes that disposal of REO is handled most efficiently through its area managers who have greater knowledge of their neighborhoods than do the personnel at Company headquarters. Thus, California REO is generally disposed of through the Association's West Coast offices.
In August 1993, as part of its efforts to dispose of foreclosed real estate more rapidly, the Association sold fifty-seven single-family residential REO properties in a single transaction. The sale is discussed further in "Real estate and other assets acquired in settlement of loans." Including this sale, the Association sold approximately $76.7 million in foreclosed single-family residential real estate in 1993, compared to $22.2 million for the nine months ended December 31, 1992.
Another key to reducing the level of non-performing assets is the continuing goal to improve underwriting standards. For example, in certain cases prior to 1990, the Association's policies allowed originations of single-family residential mortgages with loan-to-value ratios greater than 80% without private mortgage insurance. Such loans originated after 1990 were on an exception basis only and required the approval of the Chairman of the Board or the President. Also in 1989, the average loan-to-value ratio on loans originated that year was 74.6%. By 1993, the average loan-to-value ratio had decreased to 66.0%.
Non-accrual loans. Non-accrual loans are loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued. The Association's policy is to discontinue the accrual of interest on loans when there is reasonable doubt as to its collectibility. Interest accruals on loans are normally discontinued whenever the payment of interest or princ