fect adversely the lead time, size, and siting of future generating stations, increase the complexity and cost of pollution control equipment, and otherwise add to the cost of future operations.
Construction expenditures through the year 2000 will include substantial amounts for compliance with Phase I and Phase II of the CAAA. The Company is estimating expenditures of approximately $350 million, which includes $153 million expended through 1993, depending on the strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II. Construction estimates for 1994 and 1995 include $40 million and $10 million, respectively, for the program of complying with the CAAA.
In complying with the CAAA, the Company will face uncertainties, including regulatory administrative interpretations and contingencies, such as potential cost overruns, equipment performance, and cost recovery in rates.
LITIGATION AND OTHER: In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved in various legal proceedings. The Company does not believe that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will have a material effect on its financial position.
The Company is guarantor as to 28% of a $75 million revolving credit agreement of AGC, which in 1993 was used by AGC solely as support for its indebtedness for commercial paper outstanding.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Board of Directors of West Penn Power Company
In our opinion, the financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of West Penn Power Company (a subsidiary of Allegheny Power System, Inc.) at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audi