 settlement also stipulated that MDC will expend additional funds in an effort to achieve product and systems improvements. MDC estimated the financial impact of the settlement in conjunction with a review of the estimated remaining costs on the C-17 development and initial production contracts. As a result, MDC recorded a loss provision of $450 million (excluding general and administrative and other period expenses) in the fourth quarter of 1993.
On June 7, 1991, the U.S. Navy notified MDC and General Dynamics Corporation ("GD") that it was terminating for default the contract for development and initial production of the A-12 aircraft. The Navy has agreed to continue to defer repayment of $1.335 billion alleged to be due, with interest, from MDC and GD as a result of the termination for default of the A-12 program. The agreement provides that it will remain in force until the dispute as to the type of termination is resolved by pending litigation in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims or negotiated settlement, subject to review by the U.S. Government annually on December 1, to determine if there has been a substantial change in the financial condition of either MDC or GD such that deferment is no longer in the best interest of the Government. The Government, which extended the December 1, 1993 review beyond the time to which MDC and GD agreed, has not advised the contractors of the results of that review. However, the United States Court of Federal Claims has issued an order deferring rulings on the merits of the A-12 termination case until July 21, 1994. The court's order is based upon an undertaking by the Government that it would not seek to terminate the A-12 deferment agreement between MDC, GD and the Navy in the interim. MDC firmly believes it is entitled to continuation of the deferment agreement in accordance with its terms. However, if the agreement is not continued, MDC intends to contest collection efforts. If payment of the deferred amounts were required,