s annual operating costs accordingly. Included among a series of interrelated transactions among CBS, the City and certain of its administrative units, and the New York State Power Authority, was CBS's conveyance of fee title to its Broadcast Center properties, located on West 57th Street in Manhattan, to the New York City Industrial Development Agency for a period of 15 years with a lease of those properties back to CBS. Such conveyance is expressly subject to CBS's retaining a reversionary interest in the properties, so that title in fee will revert to CBS at the end of the 15-year term, or prior thereto in the event of the occurrence of certain contingencies.
Also, on March 15, 1993, CBS acquired the Ed Sullivan Theater and an adjacent 13-story office building in New York City. The Ed Sullivan Theater has been designated a landmark theater by the New York City Landmark Preservation Commission. CBS has renovated the theater for use as a television production facility, and the Landmark Commission has granted its approval of the renovation. The Ed Sullivan Theater currently serves as the home of the LATE SHOW with DAVID LETTERMAN, which commenced broadcasting on the CBS Television Network in August, 1993.
- 9 - Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
There are no active pending legal proceedings to which CBS is a party, or to which any of its property is subject, other than (a) routine litigation incidental to the business, and (b) proceedings before the FCC with respect to the renewal of certain radio broadcast and television broadcast licenses reported in Item 1 under the caption "Material Licenses and Federal Regulation". In addition, various other legal actions, governmental proceedings and other claims (including those relating to environmental investigations and remediation resulting from the operations of discontinued businesses) are pending or, with respect to certain claims, unasserted.
Item 4.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
Inappli