 granted by provincial authorities, referred to above.
- 8 - The Company's future capital expenditures related to its ongoing environmental protection and improvement program are currently expected to be approximately $75 million, including $30 million in 1994.
The Company has been named as a defendant, PRP, or both, pursuant to CERCLA and similar state laws, in approximately 80 governmental enforcement and private actions associated with waste disposal sites and facilities currently or previously owned, operated or used by the Company, many of which are on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Superfund National Priorities List or similar state lists. See Item 3 - "Legal Proceedings".
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Kronos currently operates four TiO2 facilities in Europe (Leverkusen and Nordenham, Germany; Langerbrugge, Belgium; and Fredrikstad, Norway), a facility in Varennes, Quebec, Canada and through the manufacturing joint venture described above, a one-half interest in a plant in Lake Charles, Louisiana which commenced production in 1992. Prior to October 1993, Kronos owned all of the Louisiana plant.
Kronos' principal German operating subsidiary leases the land under its Leverkusen TiO2 production facility pursuant to a lease expiring in 2050. The Leverkusen facility, with approximately one-third of Kronos' current TiO2 production capacity, is located within the lessor's extensive manufacturing complex, and Kronos is the only unrelated party so situated. Under a separate supplies and services agreement, which expired in 1991 and to which an extension through 2011 has been agreed in principle, the lessor provides some raw materials, auxiliary and operating materials and utilities services necessary to operate the Leverkusen facility. Kronos and the lessor are continuing discussions regarding a definitive agreement for the extension of the supplies and services agreement. Both the lease and the supplies and services agreement restrict Kronos' ability to tra