 new sales opportunities and markets for natural gas; (ii) enhancing financial and operating performance; and (iii) expanding the Company through developing existing systems and selectively acquiring new systems. Management developed and continually evaluates these strategies and the Company's implementation of them by applying their experience and expertise in analyzing the energy industry, technological advances, market opportunities and general business trends. Each of these strategies, as implemented throughout the Company's businesses, reflects the Company's commitment to its core natural gas utility business. Central to all of the Company's businesses and strategies is the sale and transportation of natural gas.
The Company has a goal of selected growth and expansion, primarily in the natural gas industry. To that extent, the Company intends to consider, when appropriate, and if financially practicable to pursue, the acquisition of other natural gas distribution or transmission businesses. The nature and location of any such properties, the structure for any such acquisitions, and the method of financing any such expansion or growth will be determined by management and the Southern Union Board of Directors.
MISSOURI ACQUISITION
On July 9, 1993, Southern Union entered into an Agreement for the Purchase of Assets (the "Missouri Asset Purchase Agreement") with Western Resources, Inc. ("Western Resources"), pursuant to which Southern Union purchased from Western Resources (the "Missouri Acquisition") certain Missouri natural gas distribution operations (the "Missouri Business"). The purchase was consummated on January 31, 1994. Southern Union paid Western Resources approximately $400,300,000 in cash for the Missouri Business. The final determination of the purchase price and all prorations and adjustments is expected to be finalized by May 30, 1994.
Southern Union operates the Missouri Business as Missouri Gas Energy, which is headquartered in Kansas City, Missour