he delivery of services and information. Merisel constantly strives to improve its operational processes. In furtherance of this strategy, the Company is in the process of significantly upgrading and improving its computer operating systems as well as its warehouse management systems. See "--Operations and Distribution." In addition, the Company is reorganizing its European operations, adding new management personnel and centralizing certain functions to achieve economies of scale. Merisel will seek to continue to refine the operational systems at its foreign sales offices and distribution centers in order to
increase the uniformity and efficiency of the Company's worldwide operations. See "--International Operations." These changes are intended to enhance the Company's ability to offer faster, more efficient and accurate service to its customers.
Expanding Internationally. Merisel believes that it generates the largest volume of international sales of any U.S.-based distributor, and is the largest wholesale distributor of computer products in Canada and a leading distributor in Europe, Mexico, Australia and Latin America. See "--International Operations." The Company believes that many international markets will continue to offer substantial growth and profit opportunities, due to the immature and fragmented nature of the microcomputer distribution industry in these markets. Merisel believes it is well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities presented in a number of these markets because of the current scope of its international operations and its ability to offer a broader range of products and specialized services than many of its competitors. The Company's strategy is to expand its international operations through internal growth and the possible acquisition of existing distributors or the establishment of new operations in other countries.
Targeting Customer Groups. Merisel serves a variety of different reseller channels, which have diverse product, finan