.
There can be no assurances that United will meet its expectation of future taxable income. However, based on the above factors, management believes it is more likely than not that future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the cumulative deferred tax assets at December 31, 1993.
Contingencies
During 1992, United recorded a $13 million charge representing its share of the cash component of a settlement of certain class action claims. Under the settlement, which has been approved by the U.S. District Court, six airlines paid approximately $45 million in cash and will issue $397 million in face amount of certificates affording discounts of up to approximately 10% on future air travel on any of the six carriers.
No liability was established for the certificate portion of the settlement since United expects that in the aggregate, future revenues associated with certificate redemption will exceed the cost of providing the related air service. United anticipates that the portion of the total issued certificates that may be redeemed on United will approximate United's 22% market share among the six carriers, but actual redemption may be greater or lesser.
The ultimate impact of the settlement on United's future revenues, operating margins and earnings is not reasonably estimable since neither the portion of the certificates to be redeemed on United nor the generative or dilutive revenue effect of certificate redemption is known.
United has been named as a Potentially Responsible Party at certain Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") cleanup sites which have been designated as Superfund Sites. At sites where the EPA has commenced remedial litigation, potential liability is joint and several. United's alleged proportionate contributions at the sites are minimal. Additionally, United has participated and is participating in remediation actions at certain other sites, primarily airports. The estimated cost of these actions is accrued when it is determined that it i