among other factors, the capital equipment requirements of U.S. businesses and the availability of capital.
Relationship With MDC
MDC is principally engaged in the design, development and production of defense and commercial aerospace products. For the year ended December 31, 1993, MDC recorded revenues of $14.5 billion and net earnings of $396.0 million. At December 31, 1993, MDC had assets of $12.0 billion and shareholders' equity of $3.4 billion. One of the five directors of the Company is a director of MDC and four of the Company's directors are officers of MDC.
The financial well-being of MDC is vital to the Company's ability to enter into significant amounts of new business in the future. Primarily as a result of certain downgrades in the credit ratings of MDC in 1991 and in early 1993, the Company's credit ratings were downgraded at the same time. Beginning in the early 1990's and continuing through mid-1993, the Company's access to new capital was severely limited due to a lowering of the Company's credit ratings, the recession and constraints imposed by MDC. However, as 1993 progressed, all of these factors had a much smaller impact on the Company and consequently, the Company's access to new capital improved. Approximately 25% of the receivables from the Company's total aircraft portfolio are supported by guaranties from MDC. In the event a substantial portion of the guaranties become payable and in the unlikely event that MDC is unable to honor its obligations under these guaranties, such event could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. In addition, MDC participates as an intermediary in financings to a small number of the Company's commercial aircraft customers and largely as a result thereof, MDC is the fourth largest commercial aircraft financing customer of the Company.
Two of the principal industry segments in which MDC operates, military aircraft and commercial aircraft, are especially competitive and have a limi