 the Federal EPA order be stayed. On September 23, 1993, the Court of Appeals ruled that the District Court could not review the Federal EPA order in the absence of a civil enforcement action and lifted the stay. A further decision of the Court of Appeals with respect to the appeal of the preliminary injunction is pending.
On January 3, 1994, the District Court held that the complaint filed by SOCCo should not be dismissed and concluded that sufficient legal and factual grounds existed for the court to consider SOCCo's claim that Federal EPA could not override Ohio EPA's authorization for SOCCo to bypass its water treatment system on an emergency basis during pumping activities. In a separate opinion, the District Court denied Federal EPA's request that the District Court defer consideration of SOCCo's motion involving a request for a Declaration of Rights with respect to the mine water releases into area streams.
The West Virginia Division of Environmental Protection ("West Virginia DEP") has proposed fining SOCCo $1,800,000 for violations of West Virginia Water Quality Standards and permitting requirements alleged to have resulted from the release of mine water into the Ohio River. SOCCo is meeting with the West Virginia DEP in an attempt to resolve this matter.
Although management is unable to predict what enforcement action Federal EPA or OSM may take, the resolution of the aforementioned litigation, environmental mitigation costs and mine restoration costs are not expected to have a material adverse impact on results of operations or financial condition.
Item 4.
Item 4.SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AEP, APCO, I&M AND OPCO. None.
AEGCO, CSPCO AND KEPCO. Omitted pursuant to Instruction J(2)(c). ----------------
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANTS
AEP
The following persons are, or may be deemed, executive officers of AEP. Their ages are given as of March 15, 