ately $41,500 had been garnished by the Court under this Order. The Plaintiff has obtained multiple judgments in the amount of $647,000 as of August 31, 1994. These judgments have been recorded in certain of the Company's communities. On September 1, 1994 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with plaintiff to be consummated on or before October 17, 1994. New financing is essential for the Company to consummate the settlement agreement. Failure to fund this agreement will result in continued litigation and a likely substantial judgment against the Company. As part of the settlement agreement, the Company will be evicted from the premises and must vacate its occupancy by January 6, 1995.
In the action styled LEE, ET.AL. V. THE DELTONA CORPORATION, Case No. 94-3808, filed in the Circuit Court for Dade County, Florida and served upon the Company on February 28, 1994, the plaintiff had alleged that the liquidated damages provision in the Company's contracts for the sale of its properties is unenforceable under Florida law and contests the method utilized by the Company to calculate actual damages in the event of contract cancellations. As part of its complaint, the plaintiff was seeking certification as a class action, as well as unspecified compensatory damages, together with interest, costs and fees. The Company has reached a settlement with the plaintiff and proceedings have been dismissed.
In the action styled BRUCE WEINER V. THE DELTONA CORPORATION, the plaintiff, Bruce Weiner, prior Executive Vice President of the Company, has sued the Company on April 28, 1994 for alleged breach of employment contract seeking damages of approximately $750,000.00 and unspecified employee benefits. The proceeding is pending in the Circuit Court of Dade County, Florida, Case No. 94-7825-04. The Company has filed a response to the plaintiff's complaint and discovery is pending. No final hearing has been set. The Company believes that it has defenses to the claim. In the eve