V., are the three major international public terminalling companies. The domestic public terminalling industry consists of Terminals, Paktank Corporation, International-Matex Tank Terminals, and many smaller independent terminalling companies. In addition to public terminalling companies, oil and chemical companies, which generally do not make their storage facilities available to others, also have significant storage capacity in their own private facilities. Terminals' pipelines compete with rail, trucks and other pipelines for movement of liquid petroleum products. Principal competitive factors include price, location relative to distribution facilities, and service.
Trademarks, Patents and Research Activities
Patents, trademarks, licenses, and research and development activities are not material to these businesses taken as a whole.
Customer Base
GATC and its subsidiaries are not dependent upon a single customer or a few customers. The loss of any one customer would not have a material adverse effect on any segment or GATC as a whole.
Employees
GATC and its subsidiaries have approximately 1,800 active employees, of whom 35% are hourly employees covered by union contracts.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties
Information regarding the location and general character of certain properties of GATC is included in Item 1, Business, of this document. The major portion of Terminals' land is owned; the balance is leased.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
A railcar owned by Transportation was involved in a derailment near Dunsmuir, California in July 1991 that resulted in a spill of metam sodium into the Sacramento River. Various lawsuits seeking damages in unspecified amounts have been filed against GATC, or an affiliated company, most of which have been consolidated in the Superior Court of the State of California for the City and County of San Francisco (Nos. 2617 and 2620). GATC has now been dismissed by the class plaintiffs in those cases but remains in the cases with respect