ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL
NL Industries, Inc., organized as a New Jersey corporation in 1891, conducts its operations through its principal wholly-owned subsidiaries, Kronos, Inc. and Rheox, Inc. At December 31, 1993, Valhi, Inc. held approximately 49% of NL's outstanding stock and Tremont Corporation, a 48%-owned affiliate of Valhi, held an additional 18% of NL's outstanding common stock. Contran Corporation holds, directly or through subsidiaries, approximately 90% of Valhi's outstanding common stock. All of Contran's outstanding voting stock is held by trusts established for the benefit of the children and grandchildren of Harold C. Simmons of which Mr. Simmons is the sole trustee. Mr. Simmons, the Chairman of the Board of each of Contran, Valhi and NL and a director of Tremont, may be deemed to control each of such companies. NL and its consolidated subsidiaries are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the "Company".
Kronos is the world's fourth largest producer of titanium dioxide pigments ("TiO2") with an estimated 11% share of the worldwide market. Approximately one-half of Kronos' 1993 sales volume was in Europe, where Kronos is the second largest producer of TiO2. Kronos accounted for 87% of the Company's sales and 58% of its operating income in 1993. Rheox is the world's largest producer of rheological additives for solvent-based systems, supplying an estimated 40% of the worldwide market.
KRONOS
INDUSTRY
Titanium dioxide pigments are chemical products used for imparting whiteness, brightness and opacity to a wide range of products, including paints, paper, plastics, fibers and ceramics. TiO2 is considered to be a "quality-of-life" product with demand affected by the gross domestic product in various regions of the world.
Demand, supply and pricing of TiO2 have historically been cyclical and the last cyclical peak for TiO2 prices occurred in early 1990. While prices for TiO2 are currently depressed, the Company believes that the TiO2 industry has si