of $32.5 million. The 9% Debentures issued to the FRF had a market value of $4.5 million based on the value attributable to those debentures by the FRF, as determined by its investment banker.
Unallocated Employee Stock Ownership Plan Shares
In connection with the funding of the ESOP, stockholders' equity has been reduced net of tax to reflect the guarantee of Northeast Savings. See Note 12: Federal Home Loan Bank Advances and Other Borrowings.
NOTE 14: EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
Retirement Plan
The Retirement Plan for Employees of Northeast Savings, F.A. and Subsidiaries (the Plan) is a defined benefit plan which covers substantially all employees of Northeast Savings. Employees are vested in the Plan after seven years of service and benefits are based on a percentage of each year's compensation. Plan assets are under the control of a trustee and invested in pooled funds.
Net pension expense consisted of the following:
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) According to the Association's actuary, the following table sets forth the Plan's funded status at the dates indicated.
Assumptions used in actuarial computations were:
401(k) Thrift and Profit Sharing Plan
Northeast Savings maintains a 401(k) thrift and profit sharing plan to encourage systematic savings by employees. Substantially all employees are eligible and can contribute up to 6% of their base salary, on a tax-deferred basis, 50% of which is matched by Northeast Savings. Employees are vested in this plan after five years of service. Thrift plan expense amounted to $524,000, $318,000 and $396,000 for the year ended December 31, 1993, the nine months ended December 31, 1992, and the year ended March 31, 1992, respectively.
Employee Stock Ownership Plan
Northeast Savings also maintains an employee stock ownership plan to provide the opportunity for substantially all employees of Northeast Savings to also become stockholders. The ESOP was funded through the issuance of