 be used first to complete those decontamination operations that are ordered by the NRC. The Companies are unable to predict what effect these requirements may have on the availability of insurance proceeds to the Companies for the Companies' bondholders.
Environmental Matters
Various federal, state and local authorities regulate the Companies with regard to air and water quality and other environmental matters. The Companies have estimated capital expenditures for environmental compliance of approximately $175,000,000, which is included in the construction estimate given under "Financing and Construction - Future Financing" for 1994 through 1998.
Air Regulation
Under the provisions of the Clean Air Act of 1970, both the State of Ohio and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania adopted ambient air quality standards, and related emission limits, including limits for sulfur dioxide (SO2) and particulates. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) promulgated an SO2 regulatory plan for Ohio which became effective for the Company's plants in 1977. Generating plants to be constructed in the future and some future modifications of existing facilities will be covered not only by the applicable state standards but also by EPA emission performance standards for new sources. In both Ohio and Pennsylvania the construction or modification of emission sources requires approval from appropriate environmental authorities, and the facilities involved may not be operated unless a permit or variance to do so has been issued by those same authorities.
The Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 require significant reductions of SO2 and oxides of nitrogen from the Companies' coal-fired generating units by 1995 and additional emission reductions by 2000. Compliance options include, but are not limited to, installing additional pollution control equipment, burning less polluting fuel, purchasing emission allowances from others, operating existing facilities in a manner which minimize