 a substituted Partner shall be subject to and bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement as if originally a party to this Agreement and as a condition to such admission shall be required to execute a copy of this Agreement as amended to the date of such admission.
C. A Partner shall have no liability hereunder (including, but not limited to, any liability as a surety but excluding the repayment of any outstanding principal and interest on loans made by the Partnership to such Partner) for any obligations accruing under or in connection with the Partnership and relating to events occurring after such Partner shall have sold, assigned or transferred its entire Partnership interest.
11. Dissolution of the Partnership.
A. No act, thing, occurrence, event or circumstances shall cause or result in the dissolution of the Partnership except the matters specified in subsection B below.
B. The happening of any one of the following events shall work a dissolution of the Partnership:
(1) The bankruptcy, resignation, legal incapacity, dissolution, termination, or expulsion of the General Partner; provided, however, that in such event the remaining Partners shall have the right to elect to continue the Partnership's business by depositing at the office of the Partnership a writing evidencing such an election. No other act shall be required to effect such continuation;
(2) The sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership;
(3) The unanimous agreement in writing by all of the Partners to dissolve the Partnership; or
(4) The termination of the term of the Partnership pursuant to Section 5 hereof. Without limitation on the other provisions hereof, the admission of a new Partner shall not work a dissolution of the Partnership. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Partner agrees that, without the consent of the General Partner, a Partner may not withdraw from or cause a voluntary dissolution of the Partnership.
C. Upon the occurrence of any of