se. The action was removed to the Federal District Court for the Northern District of Alabama, which subsequently remanded the case to state court.
Trial began in January 1994 in the United States District Court for the District of Alaska of claims filed against Weyerhaeuser by two corporations with which Weyerhaeuser had entered into financing arrangements, a marketing agreement, and a technical assistance agreement. The plaintiffs claim that Weyerhaeuser breached contractual and common law duties by allegedly failing to adequately market and ship the plaintiffs' products, misrepresenting its marketing and shipping capabilities, and acting to further its interests at the plaintiffs' expense. The plaintiffs in the First Amended Complaint, filed in May 1992, seek an unstated amount of damages described as more than $50 million in compensatory damages plus not less than $75 million in punitive damages. The claim for punitive damages has been dismissed by the trial court.
The company is also a party to various proceedings relating to the clean up of hazardous waste sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act, commonly known as "Superfund," and similar state laws. The Environmental Protection Agency and/or various state agencies have notified the company that it may be a potentially responsible party with respect to other hazardous waste sites as to which no proceedings have been instituted against the company. The company is also a party to other legal proceedings generally incidental to its business. Although the final outcome of any legal proceeding is subject to a great many variables and cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty, the company presently believes that any ultimate liability resulting from the legal proceedings discussed herein, or all of them combined, would not have a material effect on the company's financial position.
Weyerhaeuser Company and Subsidiaries
Part III Item 10. Directors and Executive Offic