ock" contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto. See "Regulation" following.
The Bank's investment policy allows the Bank to deal only with primary government securities dealers. The Bank's policy permits investment in corporate bonds of at least "AA" or equivalent rating but limits investments to no more than $5.0 million in bonds of any one corporate issuer. The policy permits investments in United States Treasury and government securities with terms up to five years, negotiable certificates of deposit, bankers' acceptances, commercial paper with terms up to nine months, and federal funds with terms of no more than one year. The amount of the Bank's investments in term federal funds, negotiable certificates of deposit and commercial paper are limited by Bank policy based on a specified percentage of liquidity. The Bank places overnight federal funds with large commercial banks in the United States, based upon periodic review of the financial condition of these institutions. Based upon the results of this review, the Bank limits investments in overnight federal funds with these financial institutions at predetermined levels, approved by the Board of Directors.
The following table sets forth the carrying amounts of investment securities on a consolidated basis at December 31:
Of the $390.6 million of investment securities at December 31, 1993, $269.7 million at a weighted average rate of 3.16% will mature within one year and $120.8 million at a weighted average rate of 4.38% will mature between one and five years.
Trading Account. Prior to 1994, the Bank maintained a trading account which was used to buy and sell specifically identified assets for market gains. Beginning in 1994, the Bank discontinued these trading account activities in order to focus more attention on other investment activities. The Bank had no securities in its trading portfolio at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.
See "RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - COMPARISON OF YEA