S AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
Merisel, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Merisel, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1992 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed at Item 14. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Merisel, Inc. and subsidiaries at December 31, 1992 and 1993, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
Deloitte & Touche
Los Angeles, California February 22, 1994
MERISEL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATE