93, bank lines of credit available to support commercial paper borrowings were $490 million, all of which were supported by commitment fees. To maintain flexibility, a $500 million shelf registration statement for debt securities remains on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission to permit ready access to capital markets.
The Corporation has provided in its accounts for the reasonably estimable future costs of probable environmental remediation obligations. These amounts relate to various refining and marketing sites, chemical locations, and oil and gas operations, including multiparty sites at which Amoco has been identified as a potentially responsible party by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Such estimated costs will be refined over time as remedial requirements and regulations become better defined. However, any additional costs cannot be reasonably estimated at this time due to uncertainty of timing, the magnitude of contamination, future technology, regulatory changes and other factors. Although future costs could be significant, they are not expected to be material in relation to Amoco's liquidity or consolidated financial position. In total, the accrued liability represents a reasonable best estimate of Amoco's remediation liability. See Notes 1 and 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage for environmental pollution resulting from the sudden or accidental release of pollutants. Amoco is self-insured for up to $35 million from the sudden or accidental release of pollutants per occurrence. Amoco currently does not carry insurance coverage with respect to other types of environmental obligations, except when required by regulation or contract. The financial statements do not reflect any significant recovery from claims under prior or current insurance coverage.
At December 31, 1993, the Corporation's reserves for future environmental remediation costs totaled $683 million, 