 are on a full accrual basis and are judged by management to be collectible in full. In addition, Firstar had $23 million of loans at December 31, 1993, on which interest is accruing, but, because of existing economic conditions or circumstances of the borrower, doubts exist as to the ability of the borrower to comply with the present loan terms. While these loans are identified as requiring additional monitoring, they do not necessarily represent future nonperforming assets.
Additional indicators of asset quality can be found in the geographic distribution, industry diversification and type of lending represented in the loan portfolio. Credit policies have been changed over the past several years to reduce vulnerability to potential adverse economic trends. Marketing efforts have been directed to Firstar's primary market segments which are consumer, small business and middle market customers in communities where Firstar banks are located. This emphasis on smaller, locally based credits brings with it a diversified group of customers without any significant industry concentration. Firstar does not participate in any significant syndicated lending or highly leveraged transactions.
Commercial real estate lending includes construction loans, income property loans and other commercial loans where real estate is involved as collateral. Midwestern real estate did not experience the rapid price appreciation that occurred in other areas, spurring over-investment in development projects and subsequent collapse of demand. Consequently, the earlier recessionary economy has not put as much pressure on some of Firstar's borrowers. Policy limits control this type of lending. Approximately sixty percent of these loans represent owner-occupied commercial properties. The remaining portion involves loans to developers and investors. The average loan size in the developer portion of the portfolio was $260,000 and reflects the regional focus and customer diversification of the portfoli