mpany s common stock, each Preferred Right (other than the Preferred Rights owned by the Acquirer) will entitle its holder to purchase a number of the Company s common shares having a market value of two times the Preferred Right s exercise price.
If the Company is acquired, each Preferred Right (other than the Preferred Rights owned by the Acquirer) will entitle its holder to purchase a number of the Acquirer s common shares having a market value at the time of two times the Preferred Right s exercise price.
Prior to the acquisition by the Acquirer of beneficial ownership of 30% or more of the Company s stock, the Company s Board of Directors may redeem the Preferred Rights for $.01 per Preferred Right.
12. Redeemable Preferred Stock
Each share of the noncumulative redeemable preferred stock, $100 par value, is convertible into 40 shares of the Company s common stock at any time at the option of the holder; entitles the holder to one vote and is redeemable at par. The redeemable preferred stock provides for a noncumulative annual dividend of 10%, payable when and as declared.
13. Non-redeemable Preferred Stock
The 20,000 shares of Series B cumulative, convertible preferred stock, $100 par value, are convertible, in whole or in part, into 666,666 shares of the Company s common stock (33.3333 shares of common stock for each share of preferred stock) at any time at the option of the holder and entitles the holder to one vote per share. The Series B preferred stock provides for annual cumulative dividends of 12% from date of issue, payable when and as declared. Dividend payments are current at December 31, 1993.
On May 27, 1993, the Company completed a public offering of $46 million of a new series of Class C preferred stock, designated as a $3.25 convertible exchangeable Class C preferred stock, Series 2, no par value ( Series 2 Preferred ). The Series 2 Preferred has a liquidation preference of $50.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends and is convertible at 