ritten representations that no such reports were required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company believes that during 1993 all directors and officers of the Company and beneficial owners of more than ten percent (10%) of any class of
equity securities of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act filed their required Forms 3, 4, or 5, as required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act on a timely basis, except that each of Sylvia H. Golsen and Raymond B. Ackerman filed late their respective Forms 3 relating to when Mrs. Golsen became the beneficial owner of more than 10% of the Company's common stock and when Mr. Ackerman was elected as a director of the Company; C.L. Thurman timely filed one Form 5 representing one late Form 4 relating to the exercise of three stock options; and, Michael D. Tepper timely filed one Form 5 representing one late Form 4 relating to three different transactions on the same day.
Item 11.
Item 11. Executive Compensation - ------- ----------------------
The following table shows the aggregate cash compensation which the Company and its subsidiaries paid or accrued to the Chief Executive Officer and each of the other four (4) most highly-paid executive officers of the Company (which includes the President of the Company's Environmental Control Business, who also serves as a director of the Company and who performs key policy making functions for the Company). The table includes cash distributed for services rendered during 1993, plus any cash distributed during 1993 for services rendered in a prior year, less any amount relating to those services previously included in the cash compensation table for a prior year.
Summary Compensation Table -------------------------- Long-term Compen- sation Annual Compensation Awards ------------------- ------ Other All Annual Securities Other Compen- Underlying Compen- Name and Salary Bonus sation Stock sation Position Year ($) ($) ($)(2) Options ($) - --