generally requires its customers to maintain higher percentages of collateral values than the minimum percentages required under these regulations.
Schwab may use cash balances in customer accounts to extend margin credit to other customers. Under the SEC's Rule 15c3-3, the portion of such cash balances not used to extend margin credit (increased or decreased by certain other customer-related balances) must be held in segregated investment accounts. The balances in these segregated investment accounts may be invested in qualified interest-bearing securities. To the extent customer cash balances are available for use by Schwab at interest costs lower than Schwab's costs of borrowing from alternative sources (e.g., balances in Schwab One brokerage accounts) or at no interest cost (e.g., balances in other accounts and outstanding checks that have not yet cleared Schwab's bank), Schwab's cost of funds is reduced and its net income is enhanced. Such interest savings contribute substantially to Schwab's profitability and, if a significant reduction of customer cash balances were to occur, Schwab's borrowings from other sources would have to increase and such profitability would decline. To the extent Schwab's customers elect to have cash balances in their brokerage accounts swept into certain SchwabFunds money market mutual funds, the cash balances available to Schwab for investments or for financing margin loans are reduced. However, Schwab receives mutual fund service fees from such funds based on the average daily invested balances.
See also "Regulation" on page 9 and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" in the Company's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 13.1 of this report.
Mutual Funds. CSIM provides investment advisory and administrative services to the SchwabFunds, which consisted of six money market funds, a broad-based equity index fund, an international 