ry and regulatory standards governing liability. The risk of incurring environmental liability--for acts and omissions, both past and current--is inherent in railroad operations. Moreover, some of the commodities, particularly those classified as hazardous materials, in NS' traffic mix can pose special risks that NS and its subsidiaries work diligently to minimize. In addition, several NS subsidiaries have land holdings that may be leased (and operated by others) or held for sale. Because certain conditions may exist on these properties for which NS ultimately may bear some financial responsibility, there can be no assurance that NS will not incur liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which, to a single accounting period or in the aggregate, cannot be estimated reliably now, related to environmental problems that are latent or undiscovered. However, based on its assessments of the facts and circumstances now known and after consulting with its legal counsel, Management believes that it has recorded appropriate estimates of liability for those environmental matters of which the Corporation is aware.
INFLATION
Generally accepted accounting principles require the use of historical costs in preparing financial statements. This approach disregards the effects of inflation on the replacement cost of property and equipment. NS, a capital-intensive company, has approximately $12.8 billion invested in such assets. The replacement costs of these assets, as well as the related depreciation expense, would be substantially greater than the amounts reported on the basis of historical costs.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
RAIL INDUSTRY TRENDS
NS and other railroads are continuing to seek opportunities to share traffic routes and facilities, furthering the goals of providing seamless service to customers, making railroads more competitive with trucks and maximizing eff