public (Medicare and Medicaid) and private sectors, including overall limitations on future growth in spending for health care benefits and the provision of universal access to health care. Currently, there are pending before Congress several competing health care reform proposals which, through varying mechanisms and methodologies, are also intended to control or reduce public and private spending on health care. It is uncertain which, if any, of these proposals will be adopted by Congress or what actions federal, state or private payors for health care goods and services may take in response thereto. The Company cannot yet predict the effect such reforms or the prospect of their enactment may have on the business of the Company and its subsidiaries. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the same will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's revenues, earnings or cash flows.
RAW MATERIALS
In general, raw materials required by CooperVision consist of various polymers as well as packaging materials. Alternative sources of all of these materials are available. Raw materials used by CooperSurgical or its suppliers are generally available from a variety of sources. Products manufactured for CooperSurgical are generally available from more than one source. However, because some products require specialized manufacturing procedures, CooperSurgical could experience inventory shortages if an alternative manufacturer had to be secured on short notice.
MANUFACTURING
CooperVision manufactures products in the United States and Canada. CooperSurgical manufactures products in the United States and Europe.
Pursuant to a supply agreement entered into in May 1989 and subsequently amended between the Company and Pilkington plc, the buyer of the Company's contact lens business outside of the United
States and Canada, CooperVision purchases certain of its product lines from Pilkington plc (see Note 14)(1). These purchased lenses represented approximately 28%, 31% and 4