 life, credit accident and health, and other specialty products sold through the Company's consumer businesses. The Alexander Hamilton products sold by affiliated entities are included in results of the Finance and Banking segment.
Alexander Hamilton offers universal life insurance, term life insurance and annuity products through approximately 16,300 independent agents and 1,790 licensed consumer finance and banking employees. These individual products are sold in all states, with the largest concentration in 10 states (California, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin) accounting for 63 percent of premium income in 1993. The Company also sells credit insurance to customers of banks and retail merchants which are not affiliated with Household International. Alexander Hamilton has been assigned a claims-paying ability rating of "AA" from three nationally recognized statistical rating organizations.
LIQUIDATING COMMERCIAL LINES
As of December 31, 1991, Household International ceased offering certain commercial product lines. The decision to withdraw from these product lines was made to enable Household International to concentrate its resources on operations it believes offer the opportunity for more consistent financial returns relative to risks assumed. These liquidating commercial lines are: speculative real estate secured lending; highly leveraged acquisition finance transactions; subordinated corporate lending; higher-risk equipment loans and leases and other commercial assets. These discontinued product lines are managed by Household Commercial separately from continuing commercial lines. The Company intends to liquidate this portfolio over time in a manner that will maximize the value of these assets and believes that, depending on the economic environment, it should be able to liquidate these portfolios over the next several years.
Liquidating commercial assets at December 31, 1993 consisted of the follo