REIT. The termination of its REIT status will be effective as of the beginning of that fiscal year. Furthermore, the circumstances of that termination were such that it is unlikely that the Trust will be eligible to re-elect to be taxed as a REIT prior to its taxable year ending September 30, 1998.
July 21, 1994
The Trust operates pursuant to a Declaration of Trust which sets forth the powers of the Board of Trustees with regard to management and investment activities of the Trust. The Declaration of Trust gives the Board of Trustees the power to borrow money on the Trust's behalf; to make loans to other persons; to invest in the securities of other issuers under certain circumstances; to make investments in property; to purchase outstanding shares of the Trust for such consideration as they deem advisable; to issue an annual report to shareholders; to issue debt securities; to allocate investments between direct and indirect ownership; and to exercise other powers in connection with the Trust's operation. Pursuant to the Declaration of Trust, the Trustees make decisions regarding the Trust's investment and sales activities without the prior approval of shareholders.
CURRENT DEVELOPMENTS
CHAPTER 11 PROCEEDINGS. On August 2, 1993, the Trust filed a petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. The bankruptcy case is currently pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of California, Sacramento Division and is entitled In re Commonwealth Equity Trust Case No. 93-26727-C-11. The proximate cause of the Trust's filing a petition for reorganization was its falling out of compliance with a restructuring agreement entered into on July 17, 1992 with a lender group for which Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Pacific Mutual Lenders") acted as agent.
The Trust was unable to meet payment dates on the Pacific Mutual Lenders' restructured debt. The Pacific Mutual Lenders noticed the Trust's default, but attempt