n 1992, and in connection with such termination GBPC purchased certain assets of TGC.
b. SUPPLIERS
Basic materials such as steel and aluminum tubing, plastic, wood, fabric, and resins used in domestic manufacturing operations are purchased primarily from domestic sources. All electronic products and some sewn products are imported. Alternate sources are available for all critical products and components, but the sudden loss of any major supplier could, on a temporary basis, cause a negative effect on the segment's operations.
c. PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND LICENSES
The patents, trademarks (including the registered trademarks "Gerry" and "Snugli") and other proprietary rights of the Gerry Companies in this segment are deemed important to the Company. However, the loss of any rights under any individual patent, trademark (other than "Gerry" or "Snugli"), or other proprietary right used by this segment would not have a material adverse effect on the Company or this segment. The loss of the registered trademark "Gerry" or "Snugli" could have a material adverse effect on the Company and this segment, but the Company has no reason to believe anyone has rights to either the "Gerry" or "Snugli" trademark for the products in connection with which either is used.
d. SEASONALITY AND INVENTORY
The Gerry Companies do not consider their backlog of orders significant to this business segment, due to the relatively short lapse of time between placement of orders for products and shipments. Because of the rapid delivery requirements of their customers, the Gerry Companies maintain significant quantities of inventories of finished goods to meet their customers' requirements. Most products within this business segment are not seasonal.
e. COMPETITION AND CUSTOMERS
There are numerous juvenile products competitors in the U.S. market, four of which are deemed significant. The Gerry Companies believe they are competitive because of their continued efforts to provide innovative new products of