sible refinancing and extension of its mortgage loan which matures in December 1994, there can be no assurance that the Partnership will be successful in such discussions.
The Partnership and affiliated partner have filed a lawsuit against the former manager and one of the unaffiliated venture partners to recover the amounts advanced and certain other joint venture obligations on which the unaffiliated partner has defaulted. This lawsuit has been dismissed on jurisdictional grounds. Subsequently, however, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. ("FDIC") filed a complaint, since amended, in a lawsuit against the joint venture partner, the Partnership and affiliated partner and the joint venture, which has enabled the Partnership and affiliated partner to refile its previously asserted claims against the joint venture partner as part of that lawsuit in Federal court. There is no assurance that the Partnership and affiliated partner will recover the amounts of its claims as a result of the litigation. Due to the uncertainty, no amounts in addition to the amounts advanced to date, noted above, have been recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Settlement discussions with one of the venture partners and the FDIC continue. The FDIC has, in the past, been unwilling to consider a settlement until certain other issues it has with one of the unaffiliated venture partners are resolved. It appears that a resolution of those other issues may be near. There are no assurances that a settlement will be finalized and that the Partnership and affiliated partner will be able to recover any amounts from the unaffiliated venture partners.
300 East Lombard Building
Effective September 30, 1991, the Partnership sold, to an affiliate of the joint venture partners, 62% of its interest in a joint venture that owns a 55% interest in the 300 East Lombard investment property. In conjunction with the sale, the Partnership and buyer established a put-call option on the Partners