are entitled to postretirement health care and life insurance coverage. These benefits are subject to deductibles, co-payment provisions and other limitations. The Company may amend or change the plan periodically.
In December, 1990, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 106, Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions (SFAS 106). This new standard, which the Company adopted in the first quarter of 1993, requires that the expected cost of postretirement benefits (other than pensions) be expensed during the years that the employees render service. This is a significant change from the Company's previous policy of recognizing these costs on a cash basis. The Company adopted the new standard using the delayed recognition method. Under this method, the unrecorded SFAS 106 liability as of January 1, 1993, will be amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over a 20-year period. The Company estimates that its SFAS 106 liability related to prior years of service, based upon the current level of benefits, is approximately $3,048,000. The annual expense is $584,200. The utility subsidiaries generally will record some portion of the annual expense as a regulatory asset if full SFAS 106 expense is not included in rates currently and appropriate approval is received from their respective regulators. The public utility commissions have ruled in generic proceedings in each of the states in which the Company operates except Illinois that they will allow full accrual of SFAS 106 costs. They also ordered that the Company's subsidiaries in those states record the costs as regulatory assets until the next rate case. The Illinois Commerce Commission has concluded that any costs associated with this statement must be expensed until the Company's first rate proceeding. Of the $584,200 total 1993 costs, $136,000 is related to the Illinois utilities.
The following table sets forth the postretirement health and life insurance plans' combi