s that it has paid or will pay pursuant to the above-described settlement of the litigation, and in fact $13.5 million has been received from certain insurance carriers. However, other insurance carriers have denied coverage, and the Company is engaged in litigation with these carriers seeking recovery of the costs and expenses incurred by the Company in the defense and settlement of the litigation. The Company's claim includes the $57.5 million settlement, as well as all unreimbursed costs and expenses incurred by the Company in defending the action. The insurance carriers had previously sued seeking a declaration that the claims asserted by the Company are not covered by the relevant insurance policies. The carrier's action has been abated in favor of the action brought by the Company. Discovery in the action is proceeding. Trial is currently scheduled for April, 1994. The Company also believes it has insurance coverage with respect to claims made in the suits brought by royalty owners and working interest owners. The amount and timing of any recoveries from the insurance carriers cannot be determined with certainty. Any recoveries will be recognized when amounts can be determined with certainty.
Note L - Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Asbestosis Litigation - ---------------------
The Company has approximately 42,800 pending claims (approximately 12,000 filed in 1993) in which it is alleged that third parties sustained injuries and damages resulting from inhalation of asbestos fibers used in products manufactured by the Company and its predecessor companies. The Company has never been a miner or processor of asbestos but did produce a few refractory products that contained some asbestos. Approximately 50% of the pending claims allege injury as a result of exposure to such products, while the other 50% of the claimants allege injury as a result of exposure to asbestos gaske