 C Series products and are planned to deliver improved performance at approximately the same prices as the existing products. As planned, the system will offer up to 6 GFLOPS of maximum performance with up to 4GB of physical memory. The development effort for this product family is nearing completion, but the completion and ultimate introduction of this product line is dependent on the Company receiving a number of key semiconductor components from its suppliers. While the Company believes that it will receive the necessary devices, there can be no assurance that the suppliers of these devices will successfully complete their development efforts or once completed that they will be capable of manufacturing these devices in quantities sufficient to allow the Company to achieve volume production of the new product family.
In March of 1994, Convex introduced the Exemplar product line, a new family of scalable parallel processing systems. The system is based on RISC microprocessors from Hewlett-Packard Company and incorporates a completely new hardware architecture from that previously delivered in the C Series product family. The system is planned to scale from 2 to 128 processors with scalable memory, I/O and operating system features that are balanced with the processing capability in any processor configuration. The system is planned to deliver up to 25 GFLOPS of processing with up to 32 GB of shared memory. Initial shipments of entry level configurations (up to 8 processors) will begin in the first quarter of 1994. Systems in larger configurations are planned to be introduced throughout 1994 as the final development effort on larger configurations is completed.
SOFTWARE PRODUCTS
Convex offers a wide range of software products to assist its customers in achieving maximum speed and productivity with minimal incremental resource investments. C Series products are fully software compatible. Convex customers can move up the Convex product line taking advantage of all of 