ire their participation to proceed.
In the proposed transaction, an employee stock ownership plan ("ESOP") would be created to provide United employees with a minimum of a 53% equity interest in UAL in exchange for wage and benefit concessions and work-rule changes. The employee interest could increase to up to 63%, depending on the average market value of UAL's common stock in the year after the transaction closes. The transaction would not be dependent on external financing.
Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement In Principle, current stockholders of UAL would receive the remaining 37% to 47% of the new common stock and $88 per share of cash and face amount of debt and preferred stock. The transaction would provide for the creation of a low-cost short-haul operation to compete in domestic markets. For additional information concerning the Agreement in Principle and the proposed Employee Investment Transaction, see Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation".
Recent Developments
In January 1994, United entered into an agreement with The Boeing Company ("Boeing") to acquire two new B747-400 aircraft in 1994, in place of options for two similar aircraft (see "Flight Equipment" in Item 2, Properties).
In March 1994, United opened a new major aircraft maintenance and overhaul facility ("MOC-II") in Indianapolis. Operating under a lease with the Indianapolis Airport Authority which expires November 30, 2031, when all phases of the construction work are completed United will occupy approximately 300 acres of land and up to three million square feet of space, including 15 aircraft dock positions. MOC-II will be used for maintenance of Boeing 737 aircraft, engine repair, spare parts storage, ground equipment maintenance, technical support and administrative functions.
Airline Operations
United has been engaged in the air transportation of persons, property and mail since 1934, and certain of its predecessors began operatio