n shipments in 1993 represented 21 percent of the NAVL domestic motor carrier shipments transported by the three primary divisions. Total domestic revenues from this division were down 2 percent, compared with 1992, and represented 38 percent of total revenues from operations.
The HVP Division specializes in providing transportation services in less-than-truckload (LTL) and truckload (TL) quantities to manufacturers of sensitive products. These products are divided into the following categories: office furniture and equipment, exhibits and displays, electronic equipment, industrial machinery, commercial relocation, LTL furniture and selected general commodities. Total HVP Division shipments transported in 1993, including TL and LTL, represented 43 percent of the NAVL domestic motor carrier shipments transported by the three primary divisions. Revenues from this division were up 15 percent from 1992 levels and represented 33 percent of total revenues from operations.
The operations of the CT Division were discontinued in 1993. Total CT Division shipments transported in 1993 represented 36 percent of NAVL's total domestic motor carrier shipments transported for the entire year by the three primary divisions. Revenues from this division were down 50 percent from 1992 levels and represented 19 percent of total revenues from operations.
FOREIGN OPERATIONS include NAVL's Canadian subsidiary, North American Van Lines Canada, Ltd., as well as operating subsidiaries in England, Germany and Panama. Foreign operations involving the transportation of household goods and selected general and specialized commodities generated revenues of $69.5 million in 1993, down 10 percent from 1992. Revenues from foreign operations represented 10 percent of NAVL's total revenue.
RAIL OPERATING STATISTICS. The following table sets forth certain statistics relating to NS' railroad operations during the periods indicated:
FREIGHT RATES. In the pricing of freight services, NS' railroads continued