ay be granted under the Predecessor Option Plans.
Up to five million shares of NL common stock may be issued pursuant to the NL Option Plan. The NL Option Plan provides for the grant of options that qualify as incentive options and for options which are not so qualified. Generally, stock options and SARs (collectively, "options") are granted at a price equal to 100% of the market price at the date of grant, vest over a five year period and expire ten years from the date of grant. Restricted stock, forfeitable unless certain periods of employment are completed, is held in escrow in the name of the grantee until the restriction period expires. No SARs have been granted under the NL Option Plan.
Changes in outstanding options granted pursuant to the NL Option Plan and the Predecessor Option Plans are summarized in the table below. At December 31, 1993, options to purchase 610,081 shares were exercisable and options to purchase 259,000 shares become exercisable in 1994. At December 31, 1993, an aggregate of 3.5 million shares were available for future grants under the NL Option Plan.
Preferred stock
The Company is authorized to issue a total of five million shares of preferred stock. The rights of preferred stock as to dividends, redemption, liquidation and conversion are determined upon issuance.
NOTE 13 - OTHER INCOME, NET:
NOTE 14 - INCOME TAXES:
The components of (i) loss before income taxes, minority interest, extraordinary items and cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles ("pretax income (loss)"), (ii) the difference between the provision for income taxes attributable to pretax income (loss) and the amounts that would be expected using the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 34% in 1991 and 1992 and 35% in 1993, (iii) the provision for income taxes and (iv) the comprehensive tax provision (benefit) are presented below.
Changes in deferred income taxes related to the adoption of new accounting standards are disclosed in Note 19. During 1993, the