ineering practices" (GEP) stack was submitted to the WVDEP in June 1993. Costs associated with the GEP stack are approximately $7 million. Monongahela is awaiting action by the WVDEP.
- 25 -
Under an EPA-approved consent order with Pennsylvania, West Penn completed construction of a GEP stack at the Armstrong Station in 1982 at a cost of over $13 million with the expectation that EPA's reclassification of Armstrong County to "attainment status" under NAAQS for sulfur dioxide would follow. As a result of the 1985 revision of its stack height rules, EPA refused to reclassify the area to attainment status. West Penn appealed the EPA's decision. In 1988, the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit dismissed West Penn's appeal for lack of jurisdiction, stating that West Penn's request for reconsideration before EPA made EPA's denial a non-final agency action. West Penn's request for reconsideration before EPA remains pending. West Penn cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.
Water Standards
Under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permitting procedures, permits for all System-owned stations are in place. However, in proposed NPDES renewal permits for some stations which are currently being sought, some conditions are being appealed through the regulatory process since the Operating Subsidiaries believe the effluent limitations being applied are overly stringent. The Operating Subsidiaries continue to work with the appropriate state agencies to resolve these issues. In the meantime, the existing permits remain in effect during the appeal process.
The EPA and states are now implementing stormwater runoff regulations for controlling discharges from industrial and municipal sources as well as construction sites. Stormwater discharges have been identified and included in NPDES renewals, but controls have not yet been required. Since the current round of permit renewals began in 1993, monitoring requirements have been imposed, with pollutio