n the contract. Commitments usually have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. At December 31, 1993, binding commitments to extend credit by category were as follows:
Standby, Commercial and Similar Letters of Credit--These instruments are conditional commitments issued by the Corporation to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support the performance of products, services and contractual obligations or to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper transactions, bond financing and similar transactions. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. Risks associated with standby letters of credit are reduced by participations to third parties. At December 31, 1993 and 1992, $2,500,000 and $1,000,000, respectively, of standby letters of credit had been participated to others.
Securities Lent--These are the Corporation's securities and customers' securities held by the Corporation which are lent to third parties. The Corporation obtains collateral, with a market value exceeding 100 percent of the contract amount, for all securities lent which is used to indemnify the Corporation and customers against possible losses resulting from third party defaults.
Interest Rate Swaps--These transactions generally involve the exchange of fixed and floating rate payment obligations without the exchange of the underlying principal amounts. Swaps are used as part of the Corporation's asset and liability management. In addition, interest rate swap activity may arise when the
FIRST MARYLAND BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) Corporation acts as an in