ion are shown on the following two pages. Intersegment revenue eliminations in business segment data are mainly transfers from exploration and production operations to refining, marketing and transportation operations, and in geographic areas of operations essentially represent transfers from foreign countries to the United States. Intersegment sales prices approximate market prices.
NOTE 20 - INVESTMENTS IN AFFILIATES
Investments in affiliated companies accounted for by the equity method were $389 million, $387 million and $377 million at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. Dividends or cash distributions received from these affiliates were $80 million, $74 million and $62 million for the same years, respectively. These affiliated companies are primarily engaged in pipeline ventures, refining and marketing operations, and the manufacture of needle coke.
The excess of the company's investments in Colonial Pipeline Company and West Texas Gulf Pipeline Company over its share in the related underlying equity in net assets is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of 40 years. The remaining unamortized balance at December 31, 1993 was $113 million.
The company has a 50% interest in The UNO-VEN Company (UNO-VEN), a refining and marketing joint venture in the midwestern United States. The company's share of the underlying equity in the net assets of UNO-VEN over the carrying value of its investment is amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of 25 years. The remaining unamortized balance at December 31, 1993 was $63 million.
Summarized financial information for these equity investees is shown below.
* Reflects a significant provision for a tariff settlement and associated interest costs recorded by Kuparuk Pipeline Company, of which Unocal's share is five percent.
BUSINESS SEGMENT DATA
BUSINESS SEGMENT DATA (CONTINUED)
(a) 1990 excludes the Prairie acquisition valued at approximately $340 million. (b) Includes asset write-downs as descr