tion, although non-residential construction increased 3% from 1992 and new residential construction continued to recover from the lowest levels since the mid-1940's (up by 7% in 1993 and 18% in 1992 but
still below pre-1990 levels). A basic shift from wholesale distribution channels to retail channels has been developing over the last few years, a trend the Company believes will continue and will be beneficial to the Company because of strong product and brand-name recognition. Retail markets now account for 20% of the total sales of the U.S. group. The growth of sales for the U.S. group was largely the result of increased export sales from the U.S. and to a lesser extent price increases on certain products, a more favorable sales mix, and a small increase in the growing retail channel business. The overall gain in the retail business was small because significant volume gains due to an expanding customer base were partly offset by the loss of an important customer.
The operating loss for the U.S. group in 1993 was greater than that of the prior year. Despite higher sales, operating results were poorer primarily because of lower margins on both domestic and export sales, increased advertising costs and other expenses associated with expansion of the retail distribution channel, costs related to start-up and expansion of the low-water-volume toilet line (now mandated for new construction), and factory performance problems caused in part by the effects of fluctuating volumes. In addition, costs were incurred in business system re-engineeering activities intended to improve customer service.
Americas International and Far East Groups
Combined sales of the Americas International and Far East Groups, which accounted for approximately 23% of total Plumbing Products sales, increased 21% in 1993 (26% excluding the effects of foreign exchange). The sales gain was due primarily to the consolidation of Incesa (a previously unconsolidated group of Central American joint venture