in the consolidated financial statements or related notes.
(b) Reports on Form 8-K.
During the quarter ended December 31, 1993, First Capital filed no Current Reports on Form 8-K.
(c) Exhibits
(3) (a) Certificate of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 1986.
(b) By-laws. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1990.
(4) Instruments with respect to issues of long-term debt have not been filed as exhibits to this annual report on Form 10-K as the authorized principal amount of any one of such issues does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the registrant and its consolidated subsidiaries. Registrant agrees to furnish to the Commission a copy of each such instrument upon its request.
(12) Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
(22) Subsidiaries of the registrant. Omitted in accordance with General Instruction J.(2)(b) to Form 10-K.
(24) Consent of Independent Accountants.
(25) Powers of Attorney.
SIGNATURES
No annual report to security holders or proxy material has been or will be sent to security holders. Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
ASSOCIATES FIRST CAPITAL CORPORATION
By /s/ ROY A. GUTHRIE Senior Vice President and Comptroller March 25, 1994
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.
Signature Title Date
REECE A. OVERCASH, JR.* Chairman of the Board, (Reece A. Overcash, Jr.) Principal Executive Officer and Director
KEITH W. HUGHES* President, Chief Operating (Keith W. Hughes) Officer and Director
JAMES E. JACK* Senior Executive Vice President and (James E. Jack) Principal Fina