ervice and reducing churn or customer disconnects. The marketing plan stresses service quality and incorporates programs aimed at developing and expanding new and existing distribution channels, stimulating customer usage by offering new and enhanced services and by increasing the public's awareness and understanding of the cellular services offered by the Company. Most of the Company's operations market cellular service under the "United States Cellular"-TM- name and service mark.
The Company's marketing strategy is to develop a local, customer-oriented operation, the primary goal of which is to provide quality cellular service to its customers. The Company's marketing program focuses on obtaining customers who need cellular service, such as business people who, while out of their offices, need to be in contact with others. The Company plans to follow the same marketing program in the other systems it expects to manage.
The Company manages each cellular cluster, and in some cases individual markets, with a local staff, including a manager and customer service representatives. Sales consultants are typically maintained in each market within the clusters. Customers are able to report cellular service problems or concerns 24 hours a day. It is the Company's goal to respond to customers' concerns and to correct reported service deficiencies within 24 hours of notification. The Company has established local service centers in order to repair and maintain most major brands of user equipment.
The Company has relied primarily on its own direct and retail sales channels to obtain customers for the cellular markets it manages. The Company maintains an ongoing training program to improve the effectiveness of the sales consultants and retail associates in obtaining customers as well as maximizing the sale of high-user packages. These packages commit customers to pay for a minimum amount of usage at discounted rates per minute, even if usage falls below the monthly minimum amou