ollected from customers. This assumption requires, among other things, consideration of anticipated changes in levels of demand or competition during the recovery period for any capitalized costs. It is management's opinion that application of Statement No. 71 to the Telephone Company is appropriate at this time. If, as a result of actual and anticipated increases in competition and other changes in the telecommunications industry, including the manner of determining rates, the Telephone Company determines that it no longer qualifies for the provisions of Statement No. 71, management expects that the resulting non-cash extraordinary charge would be material.
Research and Development
The majority of company-sponsored basic and applied research activities are conducted at Bell Communications Research, Inc. (Bellcore). The Telephone Company owns a one-seventh interest in Bellcore along with the other six RHCs. Bellcore is also the coordinator for the Federal government's telecommunications requirements on national security and emergency preparedness.
Basic and applied research is also conducted at Southwestern Bell Technology Resources, Inc. (TRI), a subsidiary of the Corporation. TRI provides technology planning and assessment services to the Telephone Company.
Employees
As of January 31, 1994, the Telephone Company employed 49,370 persons. Approximately 76 percent of the employees are represented by the Communications Workers of America (CWA). Effective in August 1992, a three-year contract was negotiated between the CWA and the Telephone Company. This contract will be subject to renegotiation in mid-1995.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties.
The properties of the Telephone Company do not lend themselves to description by character and location of principal units. At December 31, 1993, network access lines represented 45 percent of the Telephone Company's investment in telephone plant; central office equipment represented 36 percent; land and buildings represented 10 percen