ers of the year.
c. COMPETITION AND CUSTOMERS
Although WIS has numerous competitors in the United States market, only one is significant. HSF has numerous competitors in the United States market, none of which is deemed significant. WIS and HSF believe they remain competitive due to their nationwide network of operations, competitive pricing and full service. The loss by either WIS or HSF of its largest customer could result in a short-term, material adverse effect on the segment.
Sales to Kmart Corporation and Wal-Mart Corporation aggregated over ten percent or more of the Company's consolidated revenues from each such customer for the year ended December 31, 1993, and the loss of either customer could have a short-term, material adverse effect on the Company and its subsidiaries as a whole.
The number of persons employed full-time by the Company (excluding seasonal employees in the Services for Retail Segment) as of December 31, 1993, was 5,854.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES: Location and general character of the principal plants and other materially important physical properties of the Company as of January 15, 1994. - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
There are no encumbrances on the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Anderson, South Carolina; Suring, Wisconsin; and Whites Cross, Cork, Ireland properties which are owned. The San Diego, California property is subject to a mortgage and to a deed of trust which at December 31, 1993, totaled $939,322. All of the Company's facilities are in good condition and are considered suitable for the purposes for which they are used. The Camp Hill, Pennsylvania manufacturing facility normally operates on a three full shift basis. The Celina, Ohio and Suring, Wisconsin manufacturing facilities normally operate on a two full shift basis, with third shift operations scheduled as needed to meet seasonal production requirements. The Thornton, Colorado, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and Waukesha, Wisco