, 1993. A portion of the costs associated with take-or-pay incurred prior to October 1, 1993, may continue to be recovered by CIG pursuant to FERC's Order No. 528.
Contract reformation and take-or-pay costs incurred as a result of the mandated Order 636 restructuring will be recovered under the transition cost mechanisms of Order 636, as well as through negotiated agreements with customers. The Company believes that these mechanisms provide adequate coverage for such costs.
Several producers have instituted litigation arising out of take-or-pay claims against subsidiaries of the Company. In the Company's experience, producers' claims are generally vastly overstated and do not consider all adjustments provided for in the contract or allowed by law. The subsidiaries have resolved the majority of the exposure with their suppliers for approximately 13% of the amounts claimed. At December 31, 1993, the Company estimated that unresolved asserted and unasserted producers' claims amounted to approximately $31 million. The remaining disputes will be settled where possible and litigated if settlement is not possible.
At December 31, 1993, the Company was committed to make future purchases under certain take-or-pay contracts with fixed, minimum or escalating price provisions. Based on contracts in effect at that date, and before considering reductions provided in the contracts or applicable law, such commitments are estimated to be $38 million, $30 million, $23 million, $15 million and $4 million for the years 1994-1998, respectively, and $9 million thereafter. Such commitments have also not been adjusted for all amounts which may be assigned or released, or for the results of future litigation or negotiation with producers.
The Company has made provisions, which it believes are adequate, for payments to producers that may be required for settlement of take-or-pay claims and restructuring of future contractual commitments. In determining the net loss relating to such provision