accountability for assets. The concept of reasonable assurance is based on the recognition that the cost of a system of internal control must be related to the benefits derived and that the balancing of those factors requires estimates and judgment. Reporting on the financial affairs of the Company is the responsibility of its principal officers, subject to audit by independent auditors, who are engaged to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements. The Board of Directors has an Audit Committee of non-employee Directors which meets periodically with the Company's financial officers, internal auditors, and the independent auditors and monitors the accounting affairs of the Company.
American Standard Inc.
New York, New York March 14, 1994
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
The Board of Directors American Standard Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American Standard Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholder's equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referre