 alia, license and regulate television and radio broadcasting stations. The FCC has authority to grant or renew broadcast licenses for a maximum term of five years for television and seven years for radio if it determines that the "public convenience, interest or necessity" will be served thereby. During a specified period after an application for renewal of a broadcast station license has been filed, competing applications seeking a license to broadcast on the same frequency may be filed with the FCC, and are entitled to consideration by the FCC in a hearing to evaluate the comparative merits of the applications. Persons objecting to the license renewal application may also file petitions to deny during this period.
In Item 1 of CBS's Form 10-K for 1992 (under the caption "Material Licenses and Federal Regulation"), CBS reported that, on August 3, 1992, it had filed with the FCC timely applications to renew the television broadcast licenses for WBBM-TV, Chicago, Illinois; WFRV-TV, Green Bay, Wisconsin; and WJMN-TV, Escanaba, Michigan. The applications to renew such licenses for WFRV-TV and WJMN-TV were granted on November 23, 1993. There is no change in the status of CBS's application to renew the license for WBBM-TV. CBS believes that the station has been operated in accordance with all requirements.
In Item 1 of Part II of CBS's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1993, CBS reported that, on August 2, 1993, CBS filed with the FCC a timely application to renew the television broadcast license for KCBS-TV, Los Angeles, California. On November 17, 1993, Mark McDermott and Americans for Responsible Media filed with the FCC a petition to deny the KCBS-TV application, to which CBS responded on December 14, 1993. CBS believes that the station has been operated in accordance with all requirements.
On February 1, 1994 CBS filed with the FCC a timely application to renew the television license for WCBS-TV, New York, New York. The date by which oppositions or comp