of centrifugal compressors is used in a multitude of services including: gas injection, gas lift, gas processing, transmission and distribution, urea and ammonia production, ethylene and liquified natural gas (LNG) production, coal gasification, refinery services and other petrochemical processes. Axial compressors are used in coal gasification, blast furnace, nitric acid and refinery services. Axial expanders are used in power recovery applications, nitric acid plants and refinery processes.
Dresser-Rand also manufactures and supplies water cooled reciprocating compressors. Separate compressor lines are manufactured and marketed for the process, enhanced oil recovery, natural gas, and industrial air commercial markets and special shipboard air compressors for the Navy.
Dresser-Rand's single and multi-stage mechanical drive steam turbines are used to power pumps, fans, blowers, reciprocating compressors and centrifugal compressors; steam turbine generator sets provide electric power for co- generation and alternate fuel markets; electric motors (synchronous and induction type);
and electric generators are used with reciprocating engine, hydroturbine, steam turbine and gas turbine drivers. Dresser-Rand also manufactures and markets cryogenic expanders, combined with single stage compressors or generators, to recover energy from production of low temperature process gases used in air separation hydrocarbon facilities. The primary markets for such products are petroleum, petrochemical, chemical, paper and sugar industries, and engineering firms which design plants for such industries.
The Consolidated statement of earnings for 1993 includes the $1,118.1 million of Dresser-Rand's sales revenues. Sales revenues for Dresser-Rand were not included in the consolidated statements of earnings for 1992 and 1991 while it was only 50% owned by Registrant.
Pumps. Effective October 1, 1992, Registrant's Pump operations (excepting Mono Pump and Peabody) were combined with the Pump 