t at a fixed rate.
Prior to 1991, BankAtlantic funded dealer reserves to dealers who originated consumer loans which were then purchased by BankAtlantic ("indirect consumer loans"). The risk of any amounts advanced to the dealer is primarily associated with loan performance but, secondarily, is dependent on the financial condition of the dealer. The dealer is generally responsible to BankAtlantic for the amount of the reserve only if a loan giving rise to the reserve becomes delinquent or is prepaid. However, the dealer's ability to refund any portion of the unearned reserve to BankAtlantic is subject to economic conditions, generally, and the financial condition of the dealer. A decline in economic conditions could adversely affect both the performance of the loans and the financial condition of the dealer. There is no assurance that BankAtlantic can successfully recover amounts advanced in the event it pursues the dealer for amounts due. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" regarding recovery from BankAtlantic's fidelity bond carrier of certain amounts associated with certain indirect consumer loans.
Loan Commitments - BankAtlantic issues commitments to make residential and commercial real estate loans and commercial business loans on specified terms which are conditioned upon the occurrence of stated events. Loan commitments are generally issued in connection with (i) the origination of loans for the financing of residential properties by prospective purchasers, (ii) construction or permanent loans secured by commercial and multi-unit residential income-producing properties and (iii) loans to corporate borrowers in connection with loans secured by corporate assets.
The commitment procedure followed by BankAtlantic depends on the type of loan underlying the commitment. Residential loan commitments are generally limited to 30 days and are issued after the loan is approved. However, loan commitments may be exten