ion and VISX, Inc.
(c) Phillip E. Lint. Retired. Formerly, partner, Price Waterhouse.
(d) Edward H. Malone. Retired. Formerly, Vice President of General Electric Company and Chairman, General Electric Investment Corporation. Director of Fidelity Group of Mutual Funds, General Re Corporation, Mattel, Inc., and Corporate Property Investors, a real estate investment trust.
(e) Frank A. Metz, Jr. Retired. Formerly, Senior Vice President, Finance and Planning, and Director, International Business Machines Corporation. Director of Monsanto Company and Norrell Corporation.
(f) Clarence F. Michalis. Chairman of the Board of Directors of Josiah Macy, Jr. Foundation, a tax-exempt foundation for medical research and education. Director of Schroder Capital Funds Inc.
(g) Steven H. Rice. Business consultant and attorney-at-law. Formerly, President and Chief Operating Officer and Director of The Seamen's Bank for Savings. Director and member of the Investment and Audit Committees of Royal Group, Inc. (The Royal Insurance Companies). Director and Vice Chairman of the Board of The Stamford (CT) Federal Savings Bank.
(h) Gunnar E. Sarsten. President and Chief Operating Officer of Morrison Knudsen Corporation. Formerly, President and Chief Executive Officer of United Engineers & Constructors International, Inc., a subsidiary of the Raytheon Company, and Deputy Chairman of the Third District Federal Reserve Bank in Philadelphia.
(i) Peter L. Shea. Managing director of Hydrocarbon Energy, Inc., a privately owned oil and gas development drilling and production company.
- 46 -
ITEM 11.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
During 1993, and for 1992 and 1991, the annual compensation paid by each of the System companies, APS, APSC, Monongahela, Potomac Edison, West Penn, and AGC directly or indirectly for services in all capacities to such companies to their Chief Executive Officer and each of the four most highly paid executive officers of each such company whose cash compensation exceeded $100