- term debt, respectively.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits" and SFAS No. 113, "Accounting and Reporting for Reinsurance of Short-Duration and Long-Duration Contracts". The adoption of these standards was not significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements.
The Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued SFAS No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan" effective 1995, SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" effective 1994, and SFAS No. 116, "Accounting for Contributions Received and Contributions Made" effective 1995. Adoption of these pronouncements is not expected to be significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements.
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
Board of Directors Associates First Capital Corporation
We have audited the consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule listed in Item 14(a) of this Form 10-K of Associates First Capital Corporation (an indirect subsidiary of Ford Motor Company). These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overal