rketable collateral, may not exceed 15% of the institutions' unimpaired capital and surplus. Except as set forth below for certain highly rated securities, an institution's investment in commercial paper and corporate debt securities of any one issuer or related entity must be aggregated "loans" for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence.
Savings institutions may invest, in addition to the 15% general limitation, up to 10% of unimpaired capital and surplus in commercial paper of one issuer rated by two nationally recognized rating services in the highest category, or in corporate debt securities rated in one of the two highest categories by at least one such service. A savings institution may also lend up to 10% of unimpaired capital and surplus, if the loan is fully secured by readily marketable collateral which is defined to include certain securities and bullion, but generally does not include real estate.
A savings institution which meets its fully phased-in capital requirements may make loans to one borrower to develop domestic residential housing units, up to the lesser of $30,000,000 or 25% of the savings institution's unimpaired capital and surplus if certain other conditions are satisfied. These loans are an alternative to the 15% limitation and not in addition to that limitation. At December 31, 1993, BankAtlantic was in compliance with the loans to one borrower limitations.
Qualified Thrift Lender ("QTL") - BankAtlantic, like all other savings institutions, is required to meet the QTL test for, among other things, future eligibility for advances from the FHLB. The QTL test requires that a savings institution's qualified thrift investments equal or exceed 65% of the savings institution's portfolio assets calculated on a monthly average basis in nine out of every twelve months. For the purposes of the QTL test, portfolio assets are total assets less intangibles, properties used to conduct business and liquid assets (up to 10% of total assets). The f