ets of approximately $101, $26 and $28 million, respectively, at year-end 1993.
COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS. Approximately 3 percent of the Finance and Banking managed receivables portfolio at December 31, 1993 consisted of leveraged leases, other equipment financing, and specialized corporate lending. Products in these areas include loan and lease financing for aircraft, other transportation equipment, capital equipment and specialized secured corporate loans. In addition, the Company invests in term preferred stocks. See also "Liquidating Commercial Lines" below.
The commercial finance business of the Company has been operated under Household Commercial Financial Services ("Household Commercial") since 1974. The industry in which Household Commercial operates is highly competitive and the Company's position in this market is relatively small.
Commercial loans are underwritten based upon specific criteria by product, which include the following items: borrower's financial strength; underlying value of any collateral; ability of the property/business to generate cash flow and pricing considerations. For financing commitments in excess of $1 million, the loan request must be approved by an investment committee consisting of senior management. The financial and operating performance of all borrowers is monitored and reported to management on an ongoing basis. Additionally, the conclusions of this monitoring process are reported to the senior management of the Company on a quarterly basis. A description of Household's operational policy with respect to commercial receivables is set forth on page 41 of the 1993 Annual Report.
INDIVIDUAL LIFE INSURANCE
The Company's individual life insurance operations are conducted by Alexander Hamilton Life Insurance Company of America. Alexander Hamilton markets universal life, term life and annuity products to a higher income category consumer than that targeted by the consumer lending businesses. Alexander Hamilton also underwrites credit