, knowledge of end-use applications and price. Rheox's principal competitors for rheological additives for solvent-based systems are Laporte PLC, Sud-Chemie AG and Akzo NV. Rheox's principal competitors for water-based systems are Rohm and Haas Company, Hercules Incorporated, The Dow Chemical Company and Union Carbide Corporation.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
The Company's annual expenditures for research and development and technical support programs have averaged approximately $10 million annually during the past three years with Kronos accounting for approximately three-quarters of the annual total. Research and development activities related to TiO2 are conducted principally at the Leverkusen, Germany facility. Such activities are directed primarily toward improving both the chloride and sulfate production processes, improving product quality and strengthening Kronos' competitive position by developing new pigment applications. Activities relating to rheological additives are conducted primarily in the United States and are directed towards the development of new products for water-based systems, environmental applications and new end-use applications for existing product lines.
PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS
Patents held for products and production processes are believed to be important to the Company and contribute to the continuing business activities of Kronos and Rheox. The Company continually seeks patent protection for its technical developments, principally in the United States, Canada and Europe, and from time to time enters into licensing arrangements with third parties. In connection with the formation of the manufacturing joint venture with Tioxide, Kronos and certain of its subsidiaries exchanged proprietary chloride process and product technologies with Tioxide and certain of its affiliates. Use by each recipient of the other's technology in Europe is restricted until October 1996. See "Kronos - TiO2 manufacturing joint venture".
The Company's major trademarks