wth in net interest revenue and manage exposure to risks associated with interest rate movements and provide for acceptable and predictable results. Although conceptually distinct, liquidity and interest rate sensitivity must be managed together since action taken with respect to one often influences the other.
The scheduled maturity of loans can provide a source of asset liquidity. Table 14 shows the range of loan maturities as of December 31, 1993. Short- term investments, such as federal funds, repurchase agreements and interest- bearing deposits, are another source of liquidity. These investments stood at $287 million at the end of 1993. The investment securities portfolio provides liquidity through scheduled maturities, as shown in Table 8, and the ability to use these securities in borrowing transactions.
TABLE 14 MATURITY DISTRIBUTION OF LOANS
- -------- Of the above loans due after one year, $3,903,916,000 have predetermined interest rates and $1,636,845,000 have floating or adjustable interest rates.
TABLE 15 MATURITY RANGE OF TIME DEPOSITS
The requirement for liquidity is diminished by the predominance of core deposits, which account for 84% of Firstar's fund sources. Stable core deposits do not require significant amounts of liquidity to meet the net withdrawal demands of customers on a short or intermediate term basis. Other sources of liquidity are short-term borrowed funds and commercial time deposits, which totaled $2.1 billion at the end of 1993 and consist primarily of funds from customers who use other Firstar services. Firstar's ability to refinance maturing amounts and, when necessary, increase this funding base is a significant factor in its liquidity management.
The absolute level and volatility of interest rates can have a significant impact on earnings. The objective of interest risk management is to identify and manage the sensitivity of net interest revenue to changing interest rates. Firstar's Asset-Liability Committee has established a gu