Savings was in compliance with all reserve requirements of the Federal Reserve Board. The balances used to meet these reserve requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve Board may also be used to satisfy the Association's liquidity requirements discussed above.
As a creditor and a financial institution, Northeast Savings is subject to various regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board, including, but not limited to Regulation B (Equal Credit Opportunity); Regulation D (Reserve Requirements); Regulation E (Electronic Funds Transfers); Regulation Z (Truth- in-Lending); and Regulation CC (Availability of Funds); and Regulation DD (Truth-In-Savings). Additionally, as creditors of loans secured by real property, and as owners of real property, financial institutions, including Northeast Savings, may be subject to potential liability under various statutes and regulations applicable to property owners, generally including statutes and regulations relating to the environmental condition of a property.
Interbank Liabilities. Effective December 19, 1992, the Federal Reserve Board prescribed standards to limit the risk posed by an insured depository institution's exposure to a correspondent institution. All insured institutions were required to have policies in place by June 19, 1993 which set limits on credit and liquidity risks in dealing with other depository institutions. The rule includes a regulatory limit for exposure to correspondents that are less than adequately capitalized.
ENFORCEMENT
The OTS, as primary regulator of savings associations, has primary responsibility for enforcement actions concerning savings associations and their affiliates, but the FDIC also has authority to impose enforcement actions independently after following certain procedures. The sanctions which may be imposed include cease and desist orders, civil monetary penalties, and also removal and prohibition orders against an institution's affiliated persons. FIRREA confers on the OTS o