 43% of the outstanding shares of the Corporation. On March 21, 1989, AIB increased its investment to 100% of the Corporation, thereby furthering its strategic objective of increasing the geographic diversification of its investments and operations. AIB is a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act and AIB is the largest banking corporation organized under the laws of Ireland, based upon total assets at December 31, 1993. Based upon United States generally accepted accounting principles at December 31, 1993, AIB and its subsidiaries (collectively, "AIB Group") had total assets of approximately $29.8 billion. AIB Group provides a diverse range of banking, financial and related services principally in Ireland, the United States and the United Kingdom.
COMPETITION
The market for banking and bank-related services is highly competitive. The Corporation and its subsidiaries compete with other providers of financial services such as other bank holding companies, commercial and savings banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, money market and other mutual funds, mortgage companies, insurance companies, and a growing list of other local, regional and national institutions which offer financial services. Mergers between financial institutions within Maryland and in neighboring states have added competitive pressure. Competition is expected to intensify as a consequence of interstate banking laws now in effect or that may be in effect in the future. The Corporation and its subsidiaries compete by offering quality products and convenient services at competitive prices. In order to maintain and enhance its competitive position, the Corporation regularly reviews various acquisition prospects and periodically engages in discussions regarding such possible acquisitions.
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION
The information contained in this section summarizes portions of the applicable laws and regulations relating to the supervision and regulation of the