 not qualifying as sales for financial accounting purposes and accordingly not reflected in the Trust's consolidated balance sheet. The excess of the aggregate fair value of the Trust's financial instruments over their aggregate carrying amounts is not material.
(Continued)
MGI PROPERTIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(g) Net Income Per Share Net income per share is computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding.
(2) Investments
(a) Real Estate A summary of real estate investments follows:
A discussion of certain real estate investments follows:
In 1982, the Trust sold its investment in a Michigan apartment complex and received a $15.5 million purchase money mortgage in a transaction that did not meet the conditions for a completed sale for financial accounting purposes. The loan, which matures in February 1995, has an interest rate of 7% and provides for the Trust to receive at least 50% but not more than 60% of the shared appreciation value in excess of the outstanding note balance. In addition, the Trust has a 35% ownership interest, direct and indirect, in the partnership owning this complex. The Trust's purchase option expires in February 1995 and allows it to obtain a maximum equity interest of 67.5%. At November 30, 1993, the Trust carried this asset as a real estate investment at a net carrying value of $7.5 million, which excludes the gain from the sale.
At November 30, 1992, the Trust began to account for its loan on a Metairie, Louisiana apartment complex as real estate owned. The Trust had been recognizing interest income ($1.1 million in 1992 and 1991) on the related mortgage loan as received. During 1993, the Trust has recognized property income and expenses as if it owned the property. For tax purposes, this investment is reflected as a $14.1 million, 8.5% mortgage loan receivable at November 30, 1993.
With respect to a California partnership investment, the Trust is entitled to receive 50% of property cash flo