over their appraised or estimated net realizable value.
The additions to the valuation allowance for possible investment losses are recorded after consideration of various external factors, particularly the lack of credit available to purchasers of real estate and overbuilt real estate markets, both of which adversely affect real estate. A gain or loss will be recorded to the extent that the amounts ultimately realized from property sales differ from those currently estimated. In the event economic conditions for real estate continue to decline, additional valuation losses may be recognized.
COMMONWEALTH EQUITY TRUST (Debtor-in-Possession) AND AFFILIATES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued ______________
1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Chapter 11 Proceedings, continued:
The allowance for depreciation and amortization has been calculated under the straight-line method, based upon the estimated useful lives of the properties which range from 30 to 40 years. Expenditures for maintenance, repairs and betterments which do not materially prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations as incurred. Contract termination costs described in Note 2 have been capitalized as a carrying cost of the properties and are being amortized over one to four years.
Real estate acquired by cancellation of indebtedness or foreclosure is recorded at current fair market value at the date of acquisition, but not in excess of the unpaid balance of the related loan plus costs of securing title to and possession of the property.
Cash
The Trust invests its cash and restricted cash in demand deposits with banks with strong credit ratings. Cash at September 30, 1993, in excess of federally insured amounts was $4,951,000. The Trust has not experienced any losses on these deposits.
Distributions in Excess of Cumulative Net Income
The Trust, in the past, maintained a general policy of distributing cash to its shareholders in an amou