s, including liabilities relating to damage to the Cook Plant and costs of replacement power in the event of a nuclear incident at the Cook Plant. Future losses or liabilities which are not completely insured, unless allowed to be recovered through rates, could have a material adverse effect on results of operation and the financial condition of AEP, I&M and other AEP System companies.
Item 3.
Item 3.LEGAL PROCEEDINGS - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In February 1990 the Supreme Court of Indiana overturned an order of the IURC, affirmed by the Indiana Court of Appeals, which had awarded I&M the right to serve a General Motors Corporation light truck manufacturing facility located in Fort Wayne. In August 1990 the IURC issued an order transferring the right to serve the GM facility to an unaffiliated local distribution utility. In October 1990 the local distribution utility sued I&M in Indiana under a provision of Indiana law that allows the local distribution utility to seek damages equal to the gross revenues received by a utility that renders retail service in the designated service territory of another utility. On November 30, 1992, the DeKalb Circuit Court granted I&M's motion for summary judgment to dismiss the local distribution utility's complaint. The local distribution utility has begun an appeal to the Indiana Court of Appeals. I&M received revenues of approximately $29,000,000 from serving the GM facility. It is not clear whether the plaintiffs claim will be upheld on appeal because the service was rendered in accordance with an IURC order I&M believed in good faith to be valid.
On April 4, 1991, then Secretary of Labor Lynn Martin announced that the U.S. Department of Labor ("DOL") had issued a total of 4,710 citations to operators of 847 coal mines who allegedly submitted respirable dust sampling cassettes that had been altered so as to remove a portion of the dust. The cassettes were submitted in compli