 during any quarter in excess of an amount equal to net interest credited or deposits during the quarter. On a case-by-case basis, where appropriate, District Directors retain the authority to impose more stringent growth restrictions on associations that are required to submit a capital plan or that are otherwise of supervisory concern. The OTS has verbally informed Northeast Savings that, inasmuch as Northeast Savings had recently achieved compliance with its fully phased-in capital standards, under OTS Regulatory Bulletin 3a-1, Northeast Savings may not grow its assets if such growth would cause it to fall below its fully phased-in capital requirements, even if the Company continued to exceed the applicable minimum capital standards previously established for the duration of the FIRREA phase-in period.
Brokered Deposits. Brokered deposits include any funds that are obtained directly or indirectly, by or through any deposit broker for deposit into one or more deposit accounts. FDICIA imposes certain restrictions on the acceptance of brokered deposits by savings associations. The FDIC has issued regulations implementing these restrictions. Under those regulations, "well-capitalized" institutions may accept brokered deposits without restriction, "adequately capitalized" institutions may accept brokered deposits with a waiver from the FDIC, while "undercapitalized" institutions may not accept any brokered deposits. These capital categories are defined earlier under "Prompt Corrective Action." Even with the waiver, however, an adequately capitalized institution is prohibited from paying above market rates on any deposits. These regulations became effective June 16, 1992. Under the regulations, Northeast Savings is considered an adequately capitalized institution and has applied for and received a waiver from the FDIC. In accordance with the waiver, the Association may accept up to $300.0 million in brokered deposits.
Other Restrictions. Other restrictions under FIRREA