sidiaries in 1993, which will be completed or continued in 1994, concentrated on environmental protection, generating unit performance, future generating technologies, delivery systems, and customer-related research.
Two U.S. Department of Energy Clean Coal Technology nitrogen oxide control projects, which the Operating Subsidiaries cofounded, have recently been completed. Based upon the results of one of the projects, retrofitting of low nitrogen oxide cell burners at the Hatfield's Ferry Power Station units has been undertaken at much lower costs than would otherwise have been required.
- 13 -
Research is also being directed to help address major issues facing the Operating Subsidiaries including electric and magnetic field (EMF) risk, waste disposal, greenhouse gas, client-server information system prospects, renewable resources, fuel cells, new combustion turbines and other cogeneration technologies. In addition, evaluation of technical proposals for business opportunities is also ongoing.
EMF research includes monitoring work done by EPRI, Department of Energy (DOE), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and other government researchers. It also includes monitoring literature, law and litigation, and standards as developed. This research enables the Operating Subsidiaries to evaluate any potential health risks to employees and customers which may exist.
Research activities related to alleged global climate change include monitoring government activity, studying possible joint implementation activities in connection with the Clinton Climate Change Action Plan, and studying demand- side management, electro- technologies and possible joint implementation plans.
The Operating Subsidiaries also made research grants to regional colleges and universities to encourage the development of technical resources related to current and future utility problems.
CONSTRUCTION AND FINANCING
Construction expenditures by the Subsidiaries in 1993 amounted to $574 million and for