ance the reliability of the system and integrity of data, Schwab maintains carefully monitored backup and recovery functions. These include logging of all critical files intraday, duplication and storage of all critical data outside of its central computer site every 24 hours, and maintenance of facilities for backup and communications in San Francisco. They also include the maintenance and periodic testing of a disaster recovery plan that management believes would permit Schwab to recommence essential operations within 72 hours if its central computer site were to become inaccessible. In March 1994, Schwab installed a new recovery system which permits essential operations to recommence within 24 hours.
Failure of Schwab's information processing or communications systems for a significant period of time could limit Schwab's ability to process its large volume of transactions accurately and rapidly, could cause it to be unable to satisfy its obligations to customers and other securities firms, and could result in regulatory violations. The Company constructed a computer data center in Phoenix and relocated its primary data center to this site in 1993. This move strengthens the Company's backup recovery capability and provides additional support in the event of extended interruptions in existing processing capability.
CLEARING AND ACCOUNT MAINTENANCE
Schwab performs clearing services for all securities transactions in customer accounts. These services involve the confirmation, receipt, execution, settlement and delivery functions involved in securities transactions. Among other things, performing its own clearing services allows Schwab to provide margin loans and use customer cash balances to finance them. During the year ended December 31, 1993, Schwab processed over nine million separate securities, options and mutual fund trades.
Schwab clears the vast majority of customer transactions through the facilities of the National Securities Clearing Corporation or the Op