banking agency to establish standards relating to internal controls, information systems, and internal audit systems that are designed to assess the financial condition and management of the institution, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, and compensation, fees and benefits. FDICIA lowered the Qualified Thrift Lender ("QTL") investment percentage applicable to institutions insured by SAIF. See "Regulation and Supervision--Savings Institution Regulations--Qualified Thrift Lender--Insurance of Accounts." FDICIA further requires annual on-site full examinations of depository institutions, with certain exceptions, and annual reports on institutions' financial and management controls.
Other proposals are currently being considered which could have a significant impact on BankAtlantic, including proposals, which would consolidate the regulatory agencies having authority over financial institutions. It is not yet clear which, if any, proposals will be adopted or the impact such proposals may have on BankAtlantic.
Savings Institution Regulations
Regulatory Capital - Both the OTS and the FDIC have promulgated regulations setting forth capital requirements applicable to savings institutions. The effect and interrelationship of these regulations are discussed below.
Savings institutions must meet the OTS' specific capital standards which by law must be no less stringent than capital standards applicable to national banks with exceptions for risk-based capital requirements to reflect interest rate risk or other risk. Capital calculated pursuant to the OTS' regulations varies substantially from capital calculated pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). At December 31, 1993, BankAtlantic met all applicable capital requirements. The capital requirements are as follows:
(a) The leverage limit requires savings institutions to maintain core capital of at least 3% of adjusted total assets. Adjusted total assets are cal