se or his affiliate to pay the Company the sum of $25.0 million, all of which was paid into escrow on February 25, 1994, plus proceeds from approximately 1.1 million shares of the Company's common stock held by Rose which will be liquidated over a period of time. The Rose and Cohen Settlement is subject to a claim on the entire amount by Financial Security Assurance, Inc. ("FSA"). All proceeds from the Rose and Cohen Settlement must continue to be held in escrow until the Company receives an order of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida determining the Company's exclusive right to the settlement proceeds. A trial was held on such claim in such court in January 1994. The Company expects an order to be issued by that court in the near future, which order will be subject to appeal. Upon receipt of a favorable order, substantially all of the net proceeds will be used to repay the Senior Secured Notes and Junior Secured Notes.
The Company has entered into a restructuring agreement relating to its mortgage notes receivable secured by the Frenchman's Reef with the general partner of Frenchman's Reef Beach Associates ("FRBA"), the owner of the hotel. In conjunction with the agreement, FRBA filed a pre-negotiated chapter 11 petition in September 1993. The plan of reorganization dated October 21, 1993 provides for the Company to receive ownership and control of the hotel through a 100% equity interest in the reorganized FRBA. The plan also provides for the existing equity holders and any other impaired claim holders to participate in excess cash flow above specified levels and all administrative and unsecured trade claims incurred in the ordinary course of business to be paid in full. There can be no assurance that the plan will become effective. A group purporting to represent a significant number of limited partners has filed an objection to the disclosure statement related to such plan and seeks to replace the Frenchman's Reef's general partner wi