inancial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 8. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Arvida/JMB Partners, L.P. and Consolidated Ventures at December 31, 1993, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related 1993 financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
ERNST & YOUNG
Miami, Florida March 15, 1994
ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P. (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED VENTURES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(1) BASIS OF ACCOUNTING
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Arvida/JMB Partners, L.P. (the "Partnership") and its consolidated ventures (Note 7). All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The equity method of accounting has been applied in the acc