nt. The
Company also uses agents, dealers and retailers to obtain customers. Agents and dealers are independent business people who sell to customers on a commission basis for the Company. The Company's agents are in the business of selling cellular telephones, cellular service packages and other related products to customers. The Company's dealers include car stereo companies and other companies whose customers are also potential cellular customers. The Company's retailers include car dealers, major appliance dealers, office supply dealers and mass merchants.
The Company began to specifically address the fast-growing consumer market by opening its own retail stores in late 1993. These small facilities are located in high-traffic areas and are designed to cater to walk-in customers. The Company plans to open more locations in 1994 to further its presence in the local markets.
The Company also actively pursues national retail accounts which may potentially yield new customer additions in multiple markets. The national account effort is expected to enable the Company to reach segments of the market other than those accessed by the local sales force. Agreements have been entered into with such national distributors as Chrysler Corporation, Ford Motor Company, General Motors, Honda, AT&T, Radio Shack, Best Buy, and Sears, Roebuck & Co. for certain of the Company's markets. Upon the sale of a cellular telephone by one of these national distributors, the Company receives, often exclusively within the territories served, the resulting cellular customer. In recognition of the needs of these national accounts, the Company initiated a centralized customer support program. This program allows for customer activation during peak retail business hours (weekends and evenings) when the Company's local office might otherwise be closed.
The Company uses a variety of direct mail, billboard, radio, television and newspaper advertising to stimulate interest by prospective customers in 