ITEM 1. BUSINESS --------
GENERAL: - -------
Evans & Sutherland Computer Corporation (herein called the Company or E&S) designs, manufactures, sells and services interactive computing systems and software for such systems. The Company's products are widely used for providing simulated visual scenes for vehicle operator training and engineering design, and for various other modeling and visualization applications. E&S has historically designed and manufactured equipment used for these modeling, visualization, and simulation applications and has maintained a leading position in the simulation business.
The Company's current products are of three basic types:
1. Visual systems which generate and display computed images of stored -------------- digital models of various real-world environments. Such systems allow exploration of the stored data base, generally through the operation of a flight training simulator, a weapons training system, a whole-vehicle engineering simulator, or an entertainment application.
2. Graphics accelerators which can be used as a component in high --------------------- performance interactive graphics display systems of a workstation. These machines allow users to make line drawings of the edges and vertices of models of three-dimensional objects and will also generate shaded images of such models stored in computer memory. These products allow for easy interaction with, and manipulation and alteration of, mathematical models and are useful tools for computer-aided design, analysis, research, and simulation. These products also support standard application programs generally available on workstations.
3. Software systems which are used with interactive graphics systems for ---------------- the creation of mathematically precise digital models of various objects for use in design and analysis.
Evans & Sutherland was incorporated under the laws of the State of Utah on May 10, 1968. The Company, including subsidiaries, currently employs approxima