rtners to settle certain claims against the joint venture partners. The settlement provided that the Partnership would receive payments totalling $2,325,000. As of December 31, 1993 the Partnership has received cash payments totalling $1,910,937. Two of the venture partners were delinquent under the scheduled payments in the amount of $414,063 as of December 31, 1993. These joint venture partners had requested extensions of the promissory notes and the Partnership is currently considering their requests. To preserve its legal rights, the Partnership served the delinquent partners with notices of default. The Partnership has recognized revenue on the settlement to the extent of the cash collected. There is no assurance that the remaining delinquent payments will be collected.
(ii) Park
In November 1991, Park modified the mortgage note secured by Park at Countryside Apartments effective January 1, 1990 (note 4(b)). In October 1993, the joint venture ceased making the required debt service payments, and commenced discussions with the lender regarding an additional modification of the loan. However, the venture was unable to secure an additional modification of the loan. Therefore, as of the date of this report, the loan is in default and the lender has initiated procedures to obtain title to the property. As a result of an amendment to the joint venture agreement, an affiliate of the joint venture partners agreed to manage the property without compensation from January 1, 1990 through December 31, 1995.
(iii) Cal Plaza
In August 1990, the joint venture partner filed a lawsuit against the Partnership, the General Partners of the Partnership and certain of their affiliates, alleging, among other things, breaches of the joint venture agreement and fraud. The Partnership filed a counter claim against the joint venture partner for breaches of the joint venture agreement and property management agreement. In November 1991, the Partnership and the joint venture partner reache