ough many outside dealers and is not dependent on any single supplier or group of suppliers at its Portland Steel Mill. The Pueblo Steel Mill purchases scrap through a broker. The Company believes that adequate supplies of scrap are readily available from a number of sources, but that current demand will keep pricing relatively high.
The Company also purchases a quantity of directly reduced iron in briquetted form ("HBI") for use as a substitute for steel scrap. The successful integration of this material into the steelmaking process provides the Company with an alternate source of low residual material. Because this material is purchased on a contract basis it provides some insulation from the price fluctuations experienced in the scrap market. During 1993 the Company also purchased pig iron as a scrap substitute and believes it can be used successfully in limited quantities. With the shift in the Company's product mix from carbon grades to higher quality grades of steel, the need for higher quality scrap must be assured. The availability of higher grades of scrap in sufficient quantities may not be available in the Company's traditional scrap markets, which will require the use of an alternate source of metallics.
The Company is participating in a joint venture project to construct an HBI plant in Venezuela. The plant is expected to have a capacity of one million metric tons and a capital cost of approximately $245 million. As the project is currently structured, the Company will own an equity interest in the facility and will have committed off-take requirements of 200,000 tons. It is anticipated that there will be several other joint venture partners and the Company expects its cash investment to be approximately $15 million. The project is expected to obtain non-recourse debt financing for 60% of the capital needs.
In addition to the Venezuelan project, the Company is pursuing other metallic technologies, such as iron carbide and fastmet. The Company anticipate