k market. Cummins' heavy-duty diesel engines are offered as standard or optional power by most major heavy-duty truck manufacturers in North America. The seven largest US heavy-duty truck OEMs produced approximately 98 percent of the heavy-duty trucks sold in North America in 1993. The loss of certain of these customers could have an adverse effect on the Company's business. The Company's largest customer for heavy-duty truck engines in 1993 was Navistar International Corporation, which represented 7.5 percent of the Company's 1993 net sales. In 1993, the Company accounted for 62.7 percent of Navistar's heavy-duty engine purchases.
In the heavy-duty truck market, the Company competes with independent engine manufacturers as well as truck producers who manufacture diesel engines for their own products. Certain of these integrated manufacturers also are customers of the Company. In North America, the Company's primary competitors in the heavy-duty truck engine market are Caterpillar, Inc., Detroit Diesel Corporation and Mack Trucks, Inc. The Company's principal competitors in international markets vary from country to country, with local manufacturers generally predominant in each geographic market. Other diesel engine manufacturers in international markets include Mercedes Benz, AB Volvo, Renault Vehicles Industriels, Iveco Diesel Engines, Hino Motors, Ltd., Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd., Isuzu Motors, Ltd., DAF Group N.V. and SAAB-Scania A.B.
The North American heavy-duty truck market is affected significantly by the overall level of economic activity. In 1993, North American heavy-duty truck production grew by 34 percent from the previous year's level. Production was 174,000 trucks in 1993 compared to 130,000 in 1992 and 96,000 in 1991. The Company's share of the North American heavy-duty truck engine market was 35 percent in 1993, which was significantly higher than its nearest competitor. The Company's share of the North American heavy-duty truck engine marke