vances could be restricted if it fails to comply with the FHFB community support requirements. In addition, the FHLB of Boston limits additional advances to a member institution that is approaching insolvency on a tangible capital basis to certain short term advances. The FHLB of Boston also may determine not to extend new credit to a member institution that is insolvent on a regulatory capital basis. For further information, see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Northeast Savings enters into repurchase agreements whereby it sells marketable mortgage-backed securities with a simultaneous commitment to repurchase the same securities at a specified price at a specified later date. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are subject to risks relating to the financial strength of the counterparty to the transaction, the nature of the lien against the securities subject to the transaction, and the disparity between the book value of the securities sold and the amount of funds obtained. In order to reduce these risks, the Association deals only with national investment banking firms which are primary dealers in United States government securities. For further information, see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
In addition, at December 31, 1993, the Company had outstanding $38.4 million of 9% Uncertificated Debentures, Due in 2012. These debentures were issued in May 1992 to the receivers of four failed Rhode Island financial institutions and the FSLIC Resolution Fund in connection with the aforementioned acquisition of four Rhode Island financial institutions and the repurchase of the Company's adjustable rate preferred stock. For further information on the issuance and terms of the debentures, see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Selected information relating to borrowings for the dates and periods indicated is as follows:
Additional information regarding the Association's busin