le property for depletion purposes. Accordingly, the Trust intends to take the position that the Net Profits Royalties are a single property for depletion purposes until such time as the issue is resolved in some other manner.
The allowance for depletion with respect to a property is determined annually and is the greater of cost depletion or, if allowable, percentage depletion. Percentage depletion is generally available to 'independent producers' (generally persons who are not substantial refiners or retailers of oil or gas or their primary products) on the equivalent of 1,000 barrels of production per day. Percentage depletion is a statutory allowance equal to 15% of the gross income from production from a property subject to a net income limitation which is 100% of the taxable income from the property, computed without regard to depletion deductions and certain loss carrybacks. The depletion deduction attributable to percentage depletion for a taxable year is limited to 65% of the taxpayer's taxable income for the year before allowance of 'independent producers' percentage depletion and certain loss carrybacks. Unlike cost depletion, percentage depletion is not limited to the adjusted tax basis of the property, although it reduces such adjusted tax basis (but not below zero).
In computing cost depletion for each property for any year, the adjusted tax basis of that property at the beginning of that year is divided by the estimated total units (Bbls of oil or Mcf of gas) recoverable from that property to determine the per-unit allowance for such property. The per-unit allowance is then multiplied by the number of units produced and sold from that property during the year. Cost depletion for a property cannot exceed the adjusted tax basis of such property. Since the Trust will be taxed as a grantor trust, each Holder will compute cost depletion using his basis in his Trust Units allocated to the Net Profits Royalties. Information will be provided to each Holder re