th a new general partner that may seek to
redirect the bankruptcy proceedings in a way that may be materially adverse to the Company. In light of this uncertainty, the Company intends to pursue a foreclosure of its mortgages and has filed a motion with the bankruptcy court seeking to lift the stay of relief under the chapter 11 petition to permit a commencement of a foreclosure action. The motion is subject to approval by the Bankruptcy Court. Due to, among other factors, the contingent nature of bankruptcy proceedings, there can be no assurance of when and if any court approval will be obtained. Certain equity holders of the Frenchman's Reef have challenged the authority of the current general partner of the Frenchman's Reef and requested to replace it as general partner. If these equity holders were to become general partner, they have indicated through court filings that they would investigate the validity and priority of the Company's mortgages. In addition, the Company's management agreement with respect to the Frenchman's Reef could be rejected in connection with the bankruptcy case. The Company had, as of December 31, 1993, $39.6 million of debt secured by the Company's mortgage on the Frenchman's Reef. The Company does not intend to obtain ownership of the Frenchman's Reef unless the lender of such debt consents. The Company has entered into discussion with the lender regarding revising the terms of such debt. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations," "Business--Lodging Operations--Franchised Hotels" and Note 3 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
During 1993, the Company also collected a $5.0 million installment obligation related to the Baltimore Marriott hotel and received $4.0 million in settlement of a mortgage note secured by the East Brunswick, New Jersey Sheraton hotel. During 1993, the Company received the fee interest in a Ramada hotel in Danbury, Connecticut in settlement of its mortgag