 facilities. As a result, the Partnership will not be able to assess whether or not cash distributions to partners can be made for 1994 until the end of 1994 when the final operating results for the year as well as the terms and conditions of a new credit facility are known.
INFLATION
Although the relatively low rates of inflation in recent years generally have not had a material effect on the Community development business, inflation in future periods can adversely affect the development of Communities generally because of its impact on interest rates. High interest rates not only increase the cost of borrowed funds to developers, but also have a significant effect on the affordability of permanent mortgage financing to prospective purchasers. In addition, any increased costs of materials and labor resulting from high rates of inflation may, in certain circumstances, be passed through to purchasers of real properties through increases in sales prices, although such increases may reduce sales volume. If such cost increases are not passed through to purchasers, there could be a negative impact on the ultimate margins realized by the Partnership.
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P. (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED VENTURES
INDEX
Reports of Independent Accountants
Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 1993 and 1992
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Partners' Capital Accounts (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
SCHEDULE
Supplementary Statements of Operations Information . . . . . . . . X
SCHEDULES NOT FILED:
All schedules other than those indicated in the index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or immaterial, or the information i