t the joint venture would be able to secure additional financing in the near term. The Partnership's joint venture partner was willing to continue to advance funds to meet the venture's operating needs. The Partnership determined that it was in its best long-term interest to utilize its capital for the development of its other properties rather than commit additional funds for the development of the Coto de Caza Community. As a result, the venture partner has funded the venture's cash deficits in their entirety since June 1, 1992. As an alternative to advancing funds for the venture's future capital requirements, the Partnership and its joint venture partner amended the joint venture agreement, effective September 15, 1992, and reallocated ownership interests. In exchange for funding the venture's future operating needs, the venture partner was reallocated an additional 30% interest in the venture, and assumed the role of managing general partner. As such, the venture partner has control over the future operations of the Community, including the timing and extent of its development. The Partnership retains a 20% limited partnership interest and is entitled to receive distributions from net cash flow, after repayment of third party loans and advances made by the venture partners, up to an amount agreed upon by the Partnership and its joint venture partner. Certain specified costs and liabilities incurred prior to the reallocation will continue to be shared equally by the Partnership and its joint venture partner. This agreement was pursued as a more favorable alternative to the provisions included in the existing joint venture agreement for reallocation of partnership interests should both partners not advance equal funds to the venture. As a result of the Partnership's decrease in its ownership interest, and its joint venture partner's control over the future operations of the Community, commencing on September 15, 1992, the Partnership accounts for its share of the