' representatives who also sell other automotive products. Those manufacturers' representatives sell to retailers (including major chain stores), wholesalers, distributors and jobbers. The Automotive Products Business also sells its products directly to original equipment manufacturers and certain major chain stores.
Inventory: ---------
The Company generally produces or purchases the products sold by the Automotive Products Business in quantities based on a general sales forecast, rather than on specific orders from customers. The Company fills most orders for the automotive replacement market from inventory. The Company generally produces or purchases bearings for original equipment manufacturers after receiving an order from the manufacturer.
Raw Materials: -------------
The principal materials that the Automotive Products Business needs to produce its products consist of high alloy steel tubing, steel bars, flat strip coil steel and bearing components produced to specifications. The Company acquires those materials from a variety of domestic and foreign suppliers at competitive prices. The Company does not anticipate having any difficulty in obtaining those materials in the near future.
Competition: -----------
The Automotive Products Business engages in a highly competitive business. Competitors include other domestic and foreign bearing manufacturers, which sell in the original equipment and replacement markets. Many of those manufacturers have greater financial resources than the Company.
Industrial Products Business - ----------------------------
General: -------
The Industrial Products Business purchases and markets a proprietary line of machine tools and also markets industrial supplies. The current line of machine tools distributed by the Industrial Products Business includes milling, drilling, turning, fabricating and grinding machines. The Industrial Products Business purchases most of the machine tools marketed by it from foreign companies, which manuf