any does not pursue collection of amounts determined to qualify as charity care, they are not reported as revenue. The Company maintains records to identify and monitor the level of charity care it provides. These records include the amount of charges foregone for services and supplies furnished under its charity care policy. Charges at the Company's established rates foregone for charity care provided by the Company amounted to $3,457,000 for the year ended April 30, 1991. Hampton Hospital is required by its Certificate of Need to incur not less than 10% of total patient days as free care.
Supplies -- Supplies consist principally of medical supplies and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market.
Property and Equipment -- Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, which range from 20 to 40 years for buildings and improvements, and 5 to 10 years for equipment, furniture and fixtures.
Other Assets -- Pre-opening costs incurred in new facilities and loan fees incurred in obtaining long-term financing are deferred and recorded as other assets. Pre-opening costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over five years. Loan fees are amortized over the terms of the related loans. The balance of unamortized loan fees was $896,000 as of April 30, 1991.
Income Taxes -- The Company was included in the consolidated tax returns of Nu-Med. The Company computes a tax provision as if it were a stand alone entity. The corresponding liability for such taxes is included in the net amount Due from Related Parties.
HOSPITAL GROUP OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED) YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 1991
Malpractice Insurance Coverage -- Medical malpractice claims were covered by an occurrence-basis medical malpractice insurance policy. In the opinion of management, sufficient reserves have been established f