cluding the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA). Under these laws, the company is subject to possible obligations to remove or mitigate the environmental effects of the disposal or release of certain chemical and petroleum substances at various sites.
Corrective investigations and actions pursuant to RCRA are being performed at the San Francisco Refinery, Beaumont facility, Los Angeles Refinery-Carson Plant and Molycorp Inc. Mountain Pass Plant. The company also must guarantee future closure and post-closure costs of its RCRA permitted facilities. The company believes that these obligations are not likely to have an adverse material effect on the company's operating results or financial condition.
The company is a defendant in several lawsuits, as are most other companies within our industry, brought by government agencies seeking to impose cleanup liability for environmental contamination. The company has been notified that it may be a potentially responsible party (PRP) by the federal EPA at 67 sites and may share liability at certain of these sites. Various state agencies, private parties, and the company itself have identified other sites that may require investigation or remediation.
Unocal does not consider the number of sites for which it has been named a PRP as a relevant measure of liability. The company is usually just one of several companies designated as a PRP. For example, all but a small percentage of the 67 sites mentioned above are sites where the company has denied liability to the EPA, and/or which are still under investigation, and/or which the company estimates it has one percent or less of any potential liability. The company is uncertain as to its involvement in many of the sites and is unable to estimate with any certainty the potential loss that may arise from environmental liabilities. The solvency of other parties and disputes regard