uring 1994. The Company has also been awarded a contract from British Gas to provide large diameter pipe for a severe sour gas service pipeline offshore in Tunisia. The Company believes the international market for large diameter oil and gas transmission pipe could provide signficant opportunities over the next few years.
The Company's capital expenditures at the Portland Steel Mill over the last five years have been committed to increasing the Company's ability to produce high quality, specialty steel plate. In 1993 the Company installed a vacuum degassing unit at the Portland Steel Mill which will enable it to produce the highest quality steel plate and line pipe steels. The installation of this technology will also enable the Company to be a viable supplier to the international large diameter pipe market. In addition, the Company expanded the capacity of the heat treating facility at the Portland Steel Mill from 60,000 to 90,000 tons and completed installation of a new leveler in February of 1994. The Company believes these capital expenditures will further enhance its ability to produce high quality, specialty steel plate and focus on increasing its share of this market.
The capital expenditure program at CF&I began in November of 1993 with the ground breaking for the rod/bar mill modernization. This modernization is expected to be completed during the third quarter of 1994. During 1994 the steel making facilities at CF&I will be upgraded with the installation of a ladle metallurgy station, a vacuum degassing unit, elimination of ingot casting for the rail mill, and conversion of existing casters to provide continuous cast steel for all products. These upgrades are expected to be completed and operational at the end of 1994. The Company believes it will realize significant yield improvements and cost reduction when this phase of the capital expenditure plan is completed. Future expenditures at CF&I will include modifications to the rail mill and installation of 