increase operating costs and replacement costs and may lead to increased rental revenues and real estate values. The Partnership's use of equity participations for loans receivable is intended to provide a hedge against the impact of inflation; sharing in cash flow or rental income and/or the capital appreciation of the properties collateralizing the loans should result in increases in the total yields on the loans as inflation rates rise.
Item 8.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
See Index to Financial Statements in this Form 10-K.
The supplemental financial information specified by Item 302 of Regulation S-K is not applicable.
Item 9.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial statement disclosure.
PART III
Item 10.


Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant
(a) Neither the Registrant nor Balcor Mortgage Advisors-VI, its General Partner, has a Board of Directors.
(b, c & e) The names, ages and business experience of the executive officers and significant employees of the General Partner of the Registrant are as follows:
Name Title
Chairman Marvin H. Chudnoff President and Chief Operating Officer Thomas E. Meador Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Allan Wood Senior Vice President Alexander J. Darragh Senior Vice President Robert H. Lutz, Jr. Senior Vice President Michael J. O'Hanlon First Vice President Gino A. Barra First Vice President Daniel A. Duhig First Vice President David S. Glasner First Vice President Josette V. Goldberg First Vice President G. Dennis Hartsough First Vice President Lawrence B. Klowden First Vice President Alan G. Lieberman First Vice President Lloyd E. O'Brien First Vice President Brian D. Parker First Vice President John K. Powell, Jr. First Vice President Jeffrey D. Rahn First Vice 