 include $161 million and $53 million, respectively, for the program of complying with the CAAA. In complying with the CAAA, the subsidiaries will face uncertainties, including regulatory administrative interpretations and contingencies, such as potential cost overruns, equipment performance, and cost recovery in rates. LITIGATION: In the normal course of business, the companies become involved in various legal proceedings. The companies do not believe that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will have a material effect on their financial position.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Board of Directors of Monongahela Power Company
In our opinion, the financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Monongahela Power Company (a subsidiary of Allegheny Power System, Inc.) at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
As discussed in Notes A, B and F to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes and postreti