 contest, and provisions which, in effect, prevent the issuance of additional bonds if there is a completed default under the mortgage. The provisions of each of the mortgages, in effect, also require, in the opinion of counsel for the respective Companies, that certification of property additions as the basis for the issuance of bonds or other action under the mortgages be accompanied by an opinion of counsel that the company certifying such property additions has all governmental permissions at the time necessary for its then current ownership and operation of such property additions. The Companies intend to contest any requirements they deem unreasonable or impossible for compliance or otherwise contrary to the public interest. Developments in these and other areas of regulation may require the Companies to modify, supplement or replace equipment and facilities, and may delay or impede the
construction and operation of new facilities, at costs which could be substantial. The Companies expect that the impact of any such costs would eventually be reflected in their rate schedules.
Fuel Supply
The Companies' sources of generation during 1993 were 81.9% coal and 18.1% nuclear. Over two-thirds of the Company's annual coal purchase requirements are supplied under long-term contracts. These contracts have minimum annual tonnage levels of approximately 5,900,000 tons (including the Company's portion of the coal purchase contract relating to the Bruce Mansfield Plant discussed below). This contract coal is produced primarily from mines located in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Kentucky and West Virginia; the contracts expire at various times through February 28, 2003.
With the 1993 expiration of the long-term coal contract for the New Castle Plant, Penn Power's coal, other than that related to its interest in the Bruce Mansfield Plant and W. H. Sammis Unit 7, is currently supplied entirely through spot purchases of coal produced from nearby reserves.
The Company and Penn Power estim