rgentina, S.A., Entergy Transener, S.A., Entergy SASI, and FPN. Entergy Corporation expects to meet these requirements in 1994-1996 with internally generated funds and cash on hand. Entergy receives funds through dividend payments from its subsidiaries. Certain restrictions may limit the amount of these distributions. See Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2, "Rate and Regulatory Matters" and Note 8, "Commitments and Contingencies," incorporated herein by reference, regarding River Bend rate appeals and pending litigation with Cajun. Substantial write- offs or charges resulting from adverse rulings in these matters could adversely affect GSU's ability to continue to pay dividends.
Entergy Corporation continues to consider new opportunities to expand its electric energy business, including expansion into related nonregulated businesses. Entergy Corporation expects to invest up to approximately $150 million per year over the next three years in nonregulated business opportunities. Entergy Corporation may finance any such expansion with cash on hand. Further, shareholder and/or regulatory approvals may be required for such acquisitions to take place. Also, Entergy Corporation has SEC authorization to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock. Market conditions and board authorization determine the amount of repurchases. Entergy Corporation has requested SEC authorization for a $300 million bank line of credit, the proceeds of which are expected to be used for common stock repurchases and other optional activities.
(For further information on the capital and refinancing requirements, capital resources, and short-term borrowing arrangements of AP&L, GSU, LP&L, MP&L, NOPSI, and System Energy, respectively, refer in each case to AP&L's, GSU's, LP&L's, MP&L's, NOPSI's, and System Energy's "Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis - Liquidity and Capital Resources," Note 4 of AP&L's, GSU's, LP&L's, MP&L's, NOP