reduce current tax expense for that period.
Other assets include net deferred income tax charges of $76,477,000 at December 31, 1993 and $61,315,000 at December 31, 1992.
NOTE 15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Firstar is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers and to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, commitments to sell mortgages, contracts to buy or sell securities and foreign currency, mortgage loans sold with recourse, interest rate caps and floors written and interest rate swaps. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement Firstar has in particular classes of financial instruments.
Firstar's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit, commitments to sell mortgages, contracts to buy or sell investment securities and foreign currency, mortgage loans sold with recourse and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual notional amount of those instruments. Firstar uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. Firstar evaluates each customer's credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary upon extension of credit, is based on management's credit evaluation of the party. For interest rate caps, floors and swap transactions, the contract or notional amounts do not represent exposure to credit loss. Firstar controls the credit risk of its interest rate agreements through credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures.
A summary of signif