 United's international routes. For example, in 1993 the DOT determined that the Government of Japan violated its aviation agreement with the U.S. when it prevented United from implementing service between Tokyo and Sydney as part of United's New York-Tokyo-Sydney schedule. The DOT is considering various actions against Japan. While such disputes are generally the subject of inter-governmental negotiations, there are no assurances that United's operating rights under the bilateral aviation agreements and DOT-issued certificates of public convenience and necessity can be preserved in such cases.
The DOT and the U.S. Congress have engaged from time to time in various regulatory and legislative initiatives, respectively, with respect to CRS activities and issues, such as the level of booking fees, host versus non-host functionality, mandatory dehosting, travel agency connection of third-party hardware and software to a CRS, terms of the contracts between CRS vendors and travel agencies, continued airline ownership of CRS vendors, and the ability to access multiple CRS systems from a single computer terminal. New regulatory or legislative initiatives in many of these areas, if enacted, could have a material adverse effect upon CRS vendors in general and ATS and United in particular.
Safety. The FAA has regulatory jurisdiction over flight operations generally, including equipment, ground facilities, maintenance, communications and other matters. In order to ensure compliance with its operational and safety standards, the FAA requires air carriers to obtain operating, airworthiness and other certificates.
United's aircraft and engines are maintained in accordance with the standards and procedures recommended and approved by the manufacturers and the FAA. For all of its engines, United utilizes a "condition monitoring" maintenance program so that the schedule for engine removals and overhauls is based on performance trend monitoring of engine operating data. In addition, a