ely new suite of software products. The software products include a new operating system that incorporates components from several sources. The integration and performance tuning of these components is critical to the overall success of the product. Market acceptance of this product is also highly dependent on third-party software vendors porting their applications to the product. While the Company is working with a number of vendors to accomplish this result, there can be no assurance that the third- party vendors will undertake the necessary efforts, or that the porting efforts will yield competitive software applications on the Company's new product.
Both the next generation C-Series product and the scalable parallel product make use of leading edge semiconductor devices. The Company currently has only one source for certain key components. The Company's ability to manufacture its new products in production quantities will require that the Company receive sufficient quantities of these semiconductor devices from its vendors. There are still significant technical and manufacturing uncertainties involved in the Company successfully bringing these new products to the market, and there can be no assurance that these products, once introduced, will gain market acceptance, or that the Company will receive adequate supplies of critical components.
Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses for 1993 were also unchanged from the 1992 level, after a decrease from 1991 to 1992 due to cost controls which included both staffing reductions and a six-month salary freeze. These expenses as a percentage of revenue have increased in 1993, but the Company believes the current selling resources will be necessary to support the introduction of the new products planned for 1994. The Company continues to focus on tight expense management and has maintained the same total cost year-to-year, including one-time charges incurred in the fourth 