al requirements of the relevant regulatory authorities. As of December 31, 1993, the Company has expended $6.4 million and has reserved an additional $3.1 million to cover future costs arising from environmental issues relating to the site.
CF&I has accrued a reserve of $36.7 million for environmental remediation at the Pueblo Steel Mill site. CF&I's estimate of this environmental reserve was based on two separate remediation investigations and feasibility studies conducted by independent environmental engineering consultants. The estimated costs were based on current technologies and presently enacted laws and regulations. The reserve includes costs for RCRA (Resource Conservation and Recovery Act) facility investigation, corrective measures study, remedial action, and operation and maintenance of the remedial actions taken. CF&I has an agreement with the State of Colorado for the remediation of environmental issues. The agreement specifies a schedule for corrective action and a yearly expenditure amount. The State of Colorado anticipated that the schedule would be reflective of a straight line rate of expenditures over 30 years. The State of Colorado stated the schedule for corrective action could be accelerated if new data indicated a greater threat to the environment than is currently known to exist.
In November 1990 the President signed into law the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990. This law has imposed new responsibilities on many industrial sources of air emissions, including plants owned by the Company. The Company cannot determine at this time the financial impact of the new law. The impact will depend on a number of site-specific factors, including the quality of the air in the geographical area in which a plant is located, rules to be adopted by each state to implement the law, and future EPA rules specifying the content of state implementation plans. The Company anticipates that it will be required to make additional expenditures, and will be required to