ion of public policy, breached its implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, defamed him, invaded his privacy and intentionally inflicted emotional distress, and was otherwise fraudulent, deceitful and negligent. The Amended Complaint seeks declaratory relief, damages in the amount of $5,000, treble and punitive damages in an unspecified amount, and general, special and consequential damages in the amount of at least $5,000,000. In March 1993, the Court ordered a stay of all discovery in this action until further order of the Court and thereafter scheduled a conference for January 14, 1994 to review the status of the stay. The Court subsequently modified the stay to permit the taking of the deposition of one witness who will not be available to testify at trial. On September 24, 1993, Mr. Sturman filed a Second Amended Complaint, setting forth the same material allegations and seeking the same relief and damages as set forth in the First Amended Complaint. On January 7, 1994, the Company filed an Answer, generally denying all of the allegations in the Second Amended Complaint, and also filed a Cross-Complaint against Mr. Sturman. In the Cross-Complaint, the Company alleges that Mr. Sturman's conduct constituted a breach of his employment agreement with the Company as well as a breach of his fiduciary duty to the Company, that Mr. Sturman misrepresented and failed to disclose certain material facts to the Company and converted certain assets of the Company to his personal use and benefit. The Cross-Complaint seeks compensatory and punitive damages in an unspecified amount. On January 14, 1994, the Court continued in place the stay on all discovery and scheduled a case management conference for February 10, 1994 to review the status of the stay. Based on management's current knowledge of the facts and circumstances surrounding Mr. Sturman's termination, the Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to this lawsuit and intends to defend vigorously agains