lated transactions require an appraiser, set forth minimum standards for performing appraisals, and distinguishes those transactions requiring the services of a state-certified appraiser from those requiring the services of a state-licensed appraiser. Certain real estate-related transactions are exempt from the requirements of the regulations including real estate-related financial transactions that do not require an appraisal including loans of $100,000 or less. Consistent with the regulation, however, those transactions that do not receive an appraisal must receive an evaluation of the real estate collateral that reflects present lending practices and OTS policies and guidelines. Like appraisals, evaluations are used to validate real estate values and to determine an appropriate carrying value and probable sales price for foreclosed properties.
An appraisal contains certain formal elements recognized by industry practices and must conform to generally accepted appraisal practices endorsed by the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, developed by the Appraisal Standards Board of the Appraisal Foundation. An appraisal estimates a property's value under three approaches (the cost, income, and comparable sales approaches) and reconciles the values of every approach. An appraisal typically contains a description of the property, a disclosure of sales history, and an opinion as to the highest and best use of the property. The appraiser certifies the appraisal as to content, independence, property inspection, compensation, and opinions. An evaluation, by contrast, need not meet all of the detailed requirements of an appraisal. File documentation, however, should support the estimate of value and include sufficient information for an individual to understand the evaluation conclusion.
Management, including the Board of Directors, is responsible for developing written appraisal policies to ensure that adequate appraisals and evaluations are obtained consist