-K.
Included in the exhibits are the following management contracts or compensatory plan arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 14(c) of Form 10-K
American Standard Inc. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended Trust Agreement for American Standard Inc. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan American Standard Inc. Annual Incentive Plan American Standard Inc. Management Partner's Bonus Plan with amendments American Standard Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Benefit Program American Standard Employee Stock Ownership Plan with amendments Estate Preservation Plan with amendments Corporate Officers Severance Plan American Standard Inc. Supplemental Compensation Plan for Outside Directors ASI Holding Corporation 1989 Stock Purchase Loan Program Summary of Terms of Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan Letter of Agreement with respect to H. Thompson Smith's retirement and consulting services
(b) Reports on Form 8-K for the quarter ended December 31, 1993.
None
Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
AMERICAN STANDARD INC.
By /s/ Emmanuel A. Kampouris (Emmanuel A. Kampouris) (Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer)
March 30, 1994
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
/s/ Emmanuel A. Kampouris Director, Chairman and President March 30, 1994 (Emmanuel A. Kampouris) (Chief Executive Officer)
/s/ Fred A. Allardyce Vice President and Chief March 30, 1994 (Fred A. Allardyce) Financial Officer
/s/ G. Ronald Simon Vice President & Controller March 30, 1994 (G. Ronald Simon) (Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Horst Hinrichs Director March 30, 1994 (Horst Hinrichs)
/s/ George H. Kerckhove Director M