ITEM 1. BUSINESS
General
Measurex Corporation provides its customers computer-integrated manufacturing through design, production, marketing and servicing of sensor- based information and control systems. The Company's broad, integrated product line ensures economic results for customers by increasing productivity, reducing raw material usage and energy consumption, and improving product quality and uniformity.
Measurex's primary marketplace is within the manufacturing industries that produce products by continuous or batch processes. The principal industries served by the Company are: pulp and paper, plastics, metals, rubber and chemicals.
Measurex supports its installed systems with a worldwide field service organization of approximately 1,100 employees. Service technicians work directly with customers, in their plants and mills, providing an important and stable source of revenue. The service teams provide quality installations, training and continuing service support to ensure results for the Company's customers.
Measurex was originally incorporated in California in 1968. The Company's state of incorporation was changed from California to Delaware in 1984. Measurex's principal executive offices are located at One Results Way, Cupertino, California, 95014-5991; its telephone number is (408) 255-1500. Unless the context otherwise indicates, the terms "Measurex" and "the Company" include Measurex Corporation, the predecessor California corporation, and its subsidiaries.
Current Year's Development
On April 7, 1993, the Company acquired Roibox Oy for approximately $1.7 million, net of cash acquired. Located in Kuopio, Finland, Roibox is a worldwide supplier of web-inspection products for the paper industry. The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method.
Product Information
The following table shows the annual shipment revenues (in millions of dollars) and the percentages of annual shipment revenues during the last three fiscal years, attributable to the