Rheox also focused on product development for environmental applications with new products introduced for de-inking recycled paper and soil stabilization at contaminated sites.
Sales of rheological additives generally follow overall economic growth in Rheox's principal markets and are influenced by the volume of shipments of the worldwide coatings industry. Since Rheox's rheological additives are also used in industrial coatings, plant and equipment spending also has an influence on demand for this product line.
MANUFACTURING PROCESS AND RAW MATERIALS
The primary raw materials utilized in the production of rheological additives are bentonite clays, hectorite clays, quaternary amines, polyethylene waxes and castor oil derivatives. Bentonite clays are currently purchased under a three-year contract, renewable through 2004, with a subsidiary of Dresser Industries, Inc. ("Dresser"), which has significant bentonite reserves in Wyoming. This contract assures Rheox the right to purchase its anticipated requirements of bentonite clays for the foreseeable future and Dresser's reserves are believed to be sufficient for such purpose. Hectorite clays are mined from Company-owned reserves in Newberry Springs, California, which the Company believes are adequate to supply its needs for the foreseeable future. The Newberry Springs ore body contains the largest known commercial deposit of hectorite clays in the world. Quaternary amines are purchased primarily from a joint venture company 50%-owned by Rheox and are also generally available on the open market from a number of suppliers. Castor oil-based rheological additives
- 5 - are purchased from sources in the United States and abroad. Rheox has a supply contract with a manufacturer of these products which may not be terminated without 180 days notice by either party.
COMPETITION
Competition in the specialty chemicals industry is generally concentrated in the areas of product uniqueness, quality and availability, technical service