cent of total assets (leverage ratio) was 9.4%.
Current Federal Reserve regulations place certain restrictions on "covered transactions" (which includes loans and purchases of assets) by banks with their nonbank affiliates. The amount of covered transactions that a bank may have is limited to 10% with any one nonbank affiliate and to 20% in aggregate of the bank's capital stock, surplus and undivided profits (net assets) after adding back the allowance for loan and lease losses. Covered transactions must be on terms and conditions consistent with safe and sound banking practices, and banks are precluded from purchasing low quality assets from affiliates, with very limited
FIRST MARYLAND BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) exceptions. Furthermore, certain covered transactions are required to be secured by collateral having a market value equal to 100% or more of the amount of the transaction depending on the type of collateral. Based on these limitations, there was approximately $145.3 million available for covered transactions between the banks and their nonbank affiliates at December 31, 1993.
17. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ITEMS, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Corporation is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of customers and to manage the Corporation's exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial instruments include unfunded commitments to extend credit, standby, commercial and similar letters of credit, commitments to sell securities, foreign exhange contracts, futures, forward and option contracts and interest rate contracts. When viewed in terms of the maximum exposure, these instruments involve, in varying degrees, exposure to credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated statements of condition.
The contract or notional amount represents the extent of the Corporation's inv