o extend credit and standby letters of credit. The Company does not participate in financial guarantees, options, interest rate caps and floors, interest rate swaps or futures contracts.
The Company's maximum exposure to credit loss under standby letters of credit and commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in establishing commitments and issuing letters of credit as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. As of December 31, 1993, the amounts associated with the Company's off-balance-sheet obligations were as follows:
Off-Balance-Sheet Financial Instruments Amount
Commitments to Extend Credit(1) $97,647,248 Standby Letters of Credit 1,875,305
(1) Commitments include unfunded loans, revolving lines of credit (including credit card lines) and other unused commitments.
Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer so long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the corporation to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities. In general, management does not anticipate any material losses as a result of participating in these types of transactions. However, any potential losses arising from such transactions are reserved for in the same manner as management reserves for its other credit facilities.
For both on and off-balance-sheet financial instruments, the Company requires collateral to support such instruments when it is deemed necessary. The Company evalu