nding litigation from former employees and others, which may adversely affect the financial condition of the Company. See "Legal Proceedings."
The Company is continuing to seek third parties to provide financing. As part of any such transaction, Selex, Yasawa and their affiliates have indicated that they are willing to sell or restructure all or a portion of their loans and Common Stock in the Company. They have also indicated that they are willing to sell their interests in the Company at a significant discount. Consummation of any such transaction may result in a change in control of the Company. There can be no assurance, however, that such transaction will result or that any financing will be obtained. Accordingly, the Company's Board of Directors is also considering other appropriate action given the severity of the Company's liquidity position. Alternatively, the Company could be subject to the filing of an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding in the event it is unable to resolve and settle pending litigation, satisfy settlement commitments and other unpaid creditor claims. See "Business: Recent Developments", "Legal Proceedings" and Notes 1, 5 and 8 to Consolidated Financial Statements.
ITEM 8

ITEM 8
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF THE DELTONA CORPORATION:
We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of The Deltona Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 1993 and December 25, 1992 and the related statements of consolidated operations, consolidated stockholders' equity (deficiency) and consolidated cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accept