iate federal regulatory authority.
In September 1993, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued proposed revisions to their capital adequacy guidelines which provide for consideration of interest rate risk in the overall determination of a bank's minimum capital requirement. The intended effect of the proposal would be to ensure that banking institutions effectively measure and monitor their interest rate risk and that they maintain adequate capital for the risk. Under the proposal, an institution's exposure to interest rate risk would be measured using either a supervisory model, developed by the federal bank regulatory agencies, or the bank's own internal model. Measured exposure to interest rate risk that exceeds more than a prescribed supervisory threshold would require additional capital. The Corporation does not believe that the proposed revisions, if adopted, would have an adverse effect on the Corporation.
FDICIA
On December 19, 1991, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA") was enacted. Among other things, FDICIA provides increased funding for the Bank Insurance Fund ("BIF") of the FDIC and provides for expanded regulation of depository institutions and their affiliates, including parent holding companies. The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of FDICIA.
Pursuant to FDICIA, the Federal Reserve Board, the Comptroller and the FDIC have adopted regulations, effective December 19, 1992, setting forth a five- tier scheme for measuring the capital adequacy of the financial institutions they supervise. Under the regulations (commonly referred to as the "prompt corrective action" rules), an institution is placed in one of the following capital categories: (i) well capitalized (an institution that has a total risk- based capital ratio of at least 10%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6% and a leverage ratio of at least 5%); (ii) adequately capitalized (an institution that has a total risk-based capi