 closing. A portion of the cash proceeds (approximately $7,612,000) was used to retire the first mortgage note secured by the property. An additional $6,335,000 of the proceeds was used to retire the Partnership's unsecured, non-revolving line of credit.
Concurrently, with the sale of the Erie-McClurg Parking Facility, the Partnership entered into an agreement with the unaffiliated manager of the parking facility to induce the manager to re-write the existing long-term management agreement at less favorable terms to the manager (see note 2(e)). This agreement guarantees the manager 100% of the compensation which would have been earned under the agreement prior to the sale in years one through five and 50% of any potential difference between the management fee under the agreement prior to the sale and the re- negotiated agreement with the purchaser (as defined) in years six through eighteen.
In connection with this agreement, at closing the Partnership paid the unaffiliated manager a partial settlement of $400,000 and has estimated the remaining contingent liability to be $360,000. This contingent liability is recorded as a long-term liability in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
The sale of the property has resulted in the Partnership's recognition of a gain of $506,446 for financial reporting purposes and $1,296,367 for Federal income tax purposes in 1992.
(b) Owings Mills
On June 30, 1993, JMB/Owings sold its partnership interest in Owings Mills Limited Partnership ("OMLP"), which owns an allocated portion of the land, building and related improvements of the Owings Mills Mall located in Owings Mills, Maryland. The purchaser, O.M. Investment II Limited Partnership, is an affiliate of the Partnership's joint venture partner in OMLP.
The sale price of the interest in OMLP was $9,416,000, all of which was received in the form of a promissory note. In addition, the Partnership and Carlyle-XVI were relieved of their allocated portion of the debt secur