on settlement. These lawsuits, involving nineteen named individuals, are pending in the Circuit Court of Dade County. In these lawsuits, plaintiffs allege a variety of claims involving, among other things, breach of warranty, negligence and building code violations. The Partnership intends to vigorously defend itself in these matters.
On April 19, 1993, a subrogation claim entitled Village Homes at Country Walk Master Maintenance Association, Inc. v. Arvida Corporation et al., was filed in the 11th Judicial Circuit for Dade County. Plaintiffs filed this suit for the use and benefit of American Reliance Insurance Company ("American Reliance"). Plaintiffs seek to recover damages and pre- and post-judgment interest in connection with $10,873,000 American Reliance has allegedly paid to its insureds living in condominium units at Country Walk in the wake of Hurricane Andrew. Disney is also a defendant in this suit. On July 1, 1993, a subrogation lawsuit entitled Prudential Property and Casualty Company v.
ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P. (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED VENTURES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Arvida/JMB Partners, et al., was filed in the 11th Judicial Circuit for Dade County. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages, costs, and interest in connection with $16,679,622 Prudential allegedly paid to its insureds living in Country Walk at the time of Hurricane Andrew. Disney is also a defendant in this suit. On July 15, 1993, a subrogation lawsuit entitled Allstate Insurance Company v. Arvida/JMB Partners, et al., was filed in the 11th Judicial Circuit for Dade County. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages, costs, and interest in connection with $18,540,196 Allstate allegedly paid to its insureds living in Country Walk at the time of Hurricane Andrew. Disney is also a defendant in this suit. The Partnership settled a threatened subrogation action by State Farm Insurance Company. The settlement was funded by one of the Partnerships insurance ca