llion in 1993, $58 million in 1992, and $53 million in 1991. The Company's export sales are distributed throughout the world without concentration in any one geographic region.
The Company also has a joint venture agreement with Nanjing Deep Well Pump Works of Nanjing, China to produce agricultural vertical turbine pumps for sale worldwide. Lowara participates in a joint
Page 7 of 54
venture marketing agreement with Tsurumi Company of Japan to market the highly sophisticated Lowara fabricated stainless steel pump line.
Raw Materials
The principal raw materials essential to manufacturing pumps are nickel, iron, bronze and stainless steel. These are used more specifically in the manufacture of castings produced in the Company's three foundries. These internal foundries supply most stainless steel and hard iron castings to the Company's machining locations, thus reducing the need to purchase these products from external suppliers.
In addition, sheets of stainless steel are used in various stamping processes. Other components such as drivers, ball bearings and mechanical seals, along with bar stock for shafts, are purchased from several suppliers.
Raw materials for the Company's products are in adequate supply from a number of alternative suppliers and, at present, the Company has the ability to select and apportion among vendors based on price, quality and delivery capability. The Company has entered into several quality alliances with selected vendors in order to focus on improving the quality, delivery and costs related to purchased material. This Total Quality emphasis on vendor performance will continue on an ongoing basis.
The Company purchases motors for its domestic water systems pumps primarily from Franklin Electric Company. The Company expects that it will continue to purchase motors from Franklin, but if the Company were required to establish a relationship with another supplier, its manufacturing business could be temporarily disrupted.
Employee Relations
T