acture the machine tools to the Company's specifications.
Distribution and Market: -----------------------
The Industrial Products Business distributes its machine tools in the United States, Mexico, Canada and certain other foreign markets and distributes its industrial supplies principally in Oklahoma. The Industrial Products Business sells and distributes its products through its own sales personnel, who call directly on end users. The Industrial Products Business also sells its machine tools through independent machine tool dealers throughout the United States and Canada, who purchase the machine tools for resale to end users. The principal markets for machine tools, other than independent machine tool dealers, consist of manufacturing and metal working companies, maintenance facilities, utilities and schools.
Customer: --------
The Industrial Products Business does not depend on any single customer, or a few customers, the loss of any one or more of which would have a material adverse effect on the Industrial Products Business. A significant increase in the revenues of the Industrial Products Business occurred during 1992 and 1993 as a result of an agreement with a foreign company ("Buyer"), dated July 6, 1992, to supply the Buyer with equipment, technology and technical services to manufacture certain types of automotive bearing products. The agreement provides for a total contract amount of approximately $56.0 million, with $12.0 million of the contract amount to be retained by the Buyer as the Company's subsidiary's equity participation in the Buyer. The Company's subsidiary has valued its equity participation in the Buyer at a nominal amount. The balance of approximately $44.0 million has been or will be paid to the Company's subsidiary as follows: (i) approximately $13.1 million was paid through December 31, 1993, and (ii) the balance of approximately $30.9 million payable in equal quarterly installments over a ten (10) year period, plus interest. Payment 