ed approximately 59,000 different temporary employees on assignments during 1993.
The ACCOUNTEMPS and OFFICETEAM temporary employees are the Company's employees for all purposes while they are working on assignments. The Company pays the related costs of employment, such as workers' compensation insurance, state and federal unemployment taxes, social security and certain fringe benefits. The Company provides voluntary health insurance coverage to interested temporary employees.
FRANCHISING
The Company is not currently seeking to grant additional franchises or to grant licenses for the operation of ROBERT HALF or ACCOUNTEMPS offices. However, the Company is exploring the possibility of using joint ventures or licensing arrangements as a means of expanding its operations.
The Company believes its relationships with its independently-owned franchisees are good. Franchisees operate their businesses autonomously, subject to the requirements of the franchise agreements. The franchise agreements authorize franchisees to establish one or more ROBERT HALF and ACCOUNTEMPS offices within designated geographic areas. The agreements provide for monthly payments of royalties to the Company based on the franchisee's cash collections and are generally for a term of twenty years, renewable at the franchisee's option.
OTHER INFORMATION
The Company's current business constitutes a single business segment. (See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for financial information about the Company.)
The Company is not dependent upon a single customer or a limited number of customers. The Company's operations are generally more active in the first and fourth quarters of a calendar year. Order backlog is not a material aspect of the Company's business and no material portion of the Company's business is subject to government contracts. The Company does not have any material expenditures for research and development. Compliance with federal, state or local environmental protection