 of Northeast Savings' investment securities at December 31, 1993. The carrying value of these securities may be found in a previous table. Changes in interest rates will affect the actual maturity.
The following table details the Standard and Poor's ratings for each major category of the Association's investments at December 31, 1993:
- -------- *Of this amount, $1.6 million has been translated from Moody's rating of Aaa. **All obligations of states and political subdivisions are current.
The carrying value of the Association's mortgage-backed securities and the weighted average yield based on amortized cost for each category at the dates indicated is detailed in the following tables. Both the amortized cost and the fair value of these mortgage-backed securities may be found in Note 6 and Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The following table shows the maturity distribution of the amortized cost and the weighted average yields of Northeast Savings' mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 1993. The carrying value of these mortgage-backed securities may be found in a previous table. Changes in interest rates will affect the actual maturity.
The following table details the Standard and Poor's ratings for each major category of the Association's mortgage-backed securities at December 31, 1993:
- -------- * Of these amounts, $317.7 million of AAA-rated securities, and $326.2 million of AA-rated securities, have been translated from Moody's ratings of Aaa and Aa2, respectively.
SOURCES OF FUNDS
DEPOSITS. The principal source of funds for the Association is retail customer deposits. Northeast Savings offers a variety of deposit products ranging from transaction accounts to certificate and retirement accounts with maturities from 30 days to seven years. Northeast Savings' deposits are derived primarily from its five-state branch system area. In previous years, wholesale funding sources, including brokered deposits and capital market borrowings, were used 