vironmental protection standards. Because environmental regulations are continually changing, the ultimate compliance costs to Entergy cannot be precisely estimated at any one time. However, Entergy currently estimates that its potential capital expenditures for environmental control purposes, including those discussed in "Clean Air Legislation," below, will not be material for the System as a whole.
Clean Air Legislation. The Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 (the Act) place limits on emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide from fossil-fueled generating plants. Entergy has evaluated the Act to determine the impact on the System's overall cost of emission control and monitoring equipment. Based upon such evaluation in connection with existing generating facilities, the System has determined that no additional control equipment will be required to control sulfur dioxide. In the area served by GSU, control equipment will be required for nitrogen oxide reductions due to the ozone nonattainment status of the Baton Rouge, Louisiana and Beaumont and Houston, Texas air quality control regions no later than May 1995. The cost of such control equipment is estimated at $16.0 million. The remainder of the System may be required to install nitrogen oxide emission controls on its coal units by the year 2000. The EPA is currently drafting rules that will determine the levels of nitrogen oxide emissions that will be allowed by affected units. Under the latest EPA-proposed regulations on nitrogen oxide, Entergy would not have to install additional controls. It is not possible to determine at this time if the final regulations promulgated by EPA would require the System's coal units to install nitrogen oxide emission controls. Should additional controls be required, the overall cost would vary depending on the eventual emission levels that are set.
In addition, the System will be required to install additional continuous emission monitoring equipment at its coal units to compl