vision of much of the property-level management services to the Trust. From February 1, 1990 through March 31, 1994, affiliates of BCM provided property management services to the Trust.
Through March 31, 1994, affiliates of BCM also received real estate brokerage commissions in accordance with the terms of a non-exclusive brokerage agreement as discussed in ITEM 10. "TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND ADVISOR TO THE REGISTRANT - The Advisor."
Competition
The Trust has no employees. Employees of the Advisor render services to the Trust.
The real estate business is highly competitive and the Trust competes with numerous entities engaged in real estate activities (including certain entities described in ITEM 13. "CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS - Related Party Transactions"), some of which may have greater financial resources than those of the Trust. The Trust's management believes that success against such competition is dependent upon the geographic location of the property, the performance of the property managers in areas such as marketing, collection and the ability to control operating expenses, the amount of new construction in the area and the maintenance and appearance of the property. Additional competitive factors with respect to commercial and industrial properties are the ease of access to the property, the adequacy of related facilities, such as parking, and sensitivity to market conditions in setting rent levels. With respect to apartments, competition is also based upon the design and mix of the units and the ability to provide a community atmosphere for the tenants. The Trust's management believes that general economic conditions and trends and new properties in the vicinity of each of the Trust's properties are also competitive factors.
To the extent that the Trust seeks to sell any of its real estate portfolio, the sales price for such properties may be affected by competition from governmental and financial institutions seeking to liqu