d for bedding, furniture and other furnishings the industry normally experiences. In 1991, industry sales and shipments reached recessionary lows in the first quarter, and recovered slowly during the remainder of the year.
Management is anticipating further modest growth in the economy and the markets the Company serves in 1994. Severe winter weather and the California earthquake have impacted overall business activity at the beginning of the year, in several parts of the country. However, these are temporary adversities. Management is cautious in its outlook for business generally, primarily because of concerns about higher income tax rates, proposals for governmental health care programs, and inflationary trends.
Inflation in the United States generally remained modest during the last three years. However, the Company experienced renewed inflation in prices for raw materials, principally steel and wire, throughout 1993. Modest price increases were implemented on some Company products during the second and third quarters of 1993 to help offset earlier cost increases and the renewed inflation in prices for raw materials. However, some of this inflation has not yet been reflected in the Company's selling prices. Therefore, the Company is continuing to experience cost/price pressures in affected product lines. In 1992, the Company was able to refrain from raising prices, as previously weaker economic conditions had reduced inflation for most raw materials. During 1991, the Company implemented modest price increases on some products in the second quarter. Prices for urethane foam products were raised more than others, in response to the 1990 acceleration in prices for petrochemicals.
The Company's consolidated net sales in 1991 were modestly reduced after the mid-year divestiture of certain urethane foam operations. At the same time, the Company's profitability improved through the partial elimination of the operating losses these operations experienced in 1990. The op