underlying collateral.
A Special Mention loan does not currently expose the Association to a sufficient degree of risk to warrant an adverse classification. However, it does possess potential weaknesses deserving management's close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in a deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or in the institution's credit position at some future date. Special mention loans are not adversely classified since they do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification.
A loan classified Substandard is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Association will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Substandard loans totaled $76.4 million at December 31, 1993.
Loans classified as Doubtful have the weaknesses of those classified as Substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable or improbable, based on currently existing facts, conditions, and values. The Association views the Doubtful classification as a temporary category. The Association had no loans classified as Doubtful at December 31, 1993.
Loans classified as Loss are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets without establishment of a specific valuation allowance or charge-off is not warranted. A Loss classification does not necessarily mean that a loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value; rather, it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off a basically worthless loan even though partial recovery may occur in the future. The Association had no loans classified as Loss at December 31, 1993.
In addition to the aforementioned procedures, the results of the Asset Classificatio