taken with respect to a particular savings institution. If action is not taken by the Director, the FDIC has authority to take action under certain circumstances.
TAXATION
For tax purposes, Northeast Federal Corp. files a consolidated tax return with its subsidiaries on a calendar year-end basis. Northeast Savings, F.A., a subsidiary of Northeast Federal Corp., conducts its business primarily in Connecticut, New York, Massachusetts, California, and Rhode Island and, accordingly, is subject to taxation in those jurisdictions. Taxes paid to such jurisdictions are deductible in determining federal taxable income. Northeast Savings has been audited by the Internal Revenue Service with respect to tax returns through 1979.
Savings and loan associations are generally subject to federal income taxation in the same manner as regular corporations. However, under applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, savings and loan associations that meet certain definitional and other tests are generally permitted to claim a deduction for additions to their bad debt reserves computed as a percentage of taxable income before such deduction. Alternatively, a qualifying association may elect to utilize its own bad debt loss experience to compute its additions to its bad debt reserves.
At December 31, 1993, Northeast Savings' tax bad debt reserve totaled approximately $2.0 million. If in the future, earnings allocated to this bad debt reserve and deducted for federal income tax purposes are used for payment of cash dividends or other distributions to stockholders, including distributions in redemption or in dissolution or liquidation, an amount up to approximately one and three-quarters times the amount actually distributed to the stockholders will be includable in the consolidated taxable income of Northeast Federal Corp. and be subject to tax. However, such taxable income could be reduced by any net operating loss carryforwards available to Northeast Federal Corp.
Earnings and pr