nt, the Company alleges that Mr. Sturman's conduct constituted a breach of his employment agreement with the Company as well as a breach of his fiduciary duty to the Company, that Mr. Sturman misrepresented and failed to disclose certain material facts to the Company and converted certain assets of the Company to his personal use and benefit. The Cross-Complaint seeks compensatory and punitive damages in an unspecified amount. On January 14, 1994, the Court continued in place the stay on all discovery and scheduled a case management conference for February 10, 1994 to review the status of the stay. Based on management's current knowledge of the facts and circumstances surrounding Mr. Sturman's termination, the Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to this lawsuit and intends to defend vigorously against the allegations in the Second Amended Complaint.
In two virtually identical actions, Frank H. Cobb, Inc. v. The Cooper Companies, Inc., et al., and Arthur J. Korf v. The Cooper Companies, Inc., et al., class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in August 1989, against the Company and certain individuals who served as officers and/or directors of the Company after June 1987. In their Fourth Amended Complaint filed in September 1992, the plaintiffs allege that they are bringing the actions on their own behalf and as class actions on behalf of a class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired shares of the Company's common stock during the period May 26, 1988 through February 13, 1989. The amended complaints seek an undetermined amount of compensatory damages jointly and severally against all defendants. The complaints, as amended, allege that the defendants knew or recklessly disregarded and failed to disclose to the investing public material adverse information about the Company. Defendants are accused of having allegedly failed to disclose, or delayed in disclosing, amon