 any asset classification and any amounts established as allowances for loan losses.
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. On December 21, 1993, the OCC, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board and the OTS (the agencies) issued an interagency policy statement on the allowance for loan and lease losses (ALLL). The policy statement provides guidance for financial institutions on the responsibilities of management for the assessment and establishment of adequate allowances for loan and lease losses and also provides guidance for the banking agencies' examiners to use in determining the adequacy of general valuation allowances. Generally, the policy statement requires that institutions have effective systems and controls to identify, monitor and address asset quality problems; have analyzed all significant factors that affect the collectibility of the portfolio in a reasonable manner; and have established acceptable allowance evaluation processes that meet the objectives set forth in the policy statement.
Loans-to-One Borrower Limitation. With certain limited exceptions, the statutory provision limiting the ability of national banks to make loans to a single borrower is applicable to savings associations in the same manner and to the same extent as it applies to national banks. A savings association may make loans to one borrower equal to 15% of the savings association's unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus, plus an additional 10% of capital for loans secured by readily marketable collateral. Real estate is not considered readily marketable collateral. The OTS may impose more stringent requirements on a savings association to
protect its safety and soundness. At December 31, 1993, the maximum amount that Northeast Savings could loan to one borrower and the borrower's related entities was $29.7 million. At December 31, 1993, the largest aggregate amount of loans that Northeast Savings had committed and/or outstanding to one borrower and its related entities was $6.6 mill