report. Therefore, the future cash inflows are the same as the future net cash inflows. Included in these future cash inflows is an estimated amount attributable to the sale of sulphur in certain Gulf Coast properties.
Santa Fe furnished us gas prices in effect at December 31, 1993 and with its forecasts of future gas prices which take into account Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines, current market prices, regulations under the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 and the Gas Decontrol Act of 1989, contract prices and fixed and determinable price escalations where applicable. In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission guidelines, the future gas prices used in this report make no allowances for future gas price increases which may occur as a result of inflation nor do they account for seasonal variations in gas prices which are likely to cause future yearly average gas prices to be somewhat lower than December gas prices. In those cases where contract market-out has occurred, the current market price was held constant to depletion of the reserves. In those cases where market-out has not occurred, contract gas prices including fixed and determinable escalations, exclusive of inflation adjustments, were used until the contract expires and then reduced to the current market price for similar gas in the area and held at this reduced price to depletion of the reserves.
Santa Fe furnished us with liquid prices in effect at December 31, 1993 and these prices were held constant to depletion of the properties. In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission
RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM ENGINEERS
guidelines, changes in liquid prices subsequent to December 31, 1993 were not considered in this report.
Operating costs for the leases and wells in this report were provided by Santa Fe and include only those costs directly applicable to the leases or wells. When applicable, the operating costs include a portion of general and administrative costs allocated dir