ver products. In addition, the Company plans to introduce two new product families in 1994 (please refer to the discussion under "Research and Development"). Some customers, anticipating the availability of these new products, may further delay purchases of the Company's current products until the new products are available. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to equal the level of product shipments achieved in the second half of 1993.
The Company manufactures and ships its products as promptly as practicable upon receipt of a purchase order, and generally does not maintain a significant backlog. The Company did establish a backlog position in the C3800 product in 1991 and 1992, which the Company believes was due to product availability issues; however, that backlog declined to zero in 1993. With no backlog entering 1994, the Company's future financial performance will depend on its ability to generate new orders for shipment in the same quarter in which the orders are received.
Finally, because a significant portion of the Company's shipments occur in the last month of a quarter, minor timing differences in the receipt of customer purchase orders and in the Company's shipments can have a significant impact on the Company's quarterly financial results. Due to the high average selling price and low unit volume of the Company's sales, failure to complete a small number of sales transactions before the end of a quarter can have a significant negative impact on financial results.
Gross Margin
Product margin remained at 50% through 1991, 1992 and the first quarter of 1993, but dropped to 45% for the year 1993. The Company believes two factors accounted for the margin decline: Competitive pricing pressures have increased for the last three quarters of 1993; and the absorption of fixed manufacturing costs on the lower product revenue which resulted in approximately a 4 percentage point reduction in product margins.
Gross Margins % Revenue 1993 1992 1991