 value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Adoption of this Statement is required no later than 1995, although earlier application is permitted. The Company presently intends to adopt this pronouncement in 1995. The effect of applying this Statement is not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements of the Company.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The following pages include the consolidated financial statements of the Company as described in Item 14.(a) 1. and 2. herein.
Report of Independent Auditors
Shareholder and Board of Directors McDonnell Douglas Finance Corporation
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of McDonnell Douglas Finance Corporation (a wholly-owned subsidiary of McDonnell Douglas Financial Services Corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of income and income retained for growth, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 14(a). These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statement