 variation between the basis of the Property to the Partnership and its fair market value at the time of contribution.
B. Each distribution to the Partners of cash or other assets of the Partnership (exclusive of cash or other assets relating to a sale or other disposition of the assets of the Partnership) made prior to the dissolution of the Partnership, including, but not limited to, each distribution of net cash flow from the operations of the Partnership shall be made to the Partners in accordance with their respective Partnership Shares owned on the date of such distribution. Each distribution of cash or other assets of the Partnership made after dissolution of the Partnership shall be made in accordance with Section II.E. hereof. Distributions to the Partners will be made in such amounts and at such times as shall be determined by the General Partner, or in the event of the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership, by the Winding-Up Party (as hereinafter defined).
8. Powers. Rights and Duties of the Partners.
A. The General Partner alone shall have the full, exclusive and complete power, authority and responsibility to manage and control the affairs and funds of the Partnership in the ordinary course of its activities for the purposes herein stated, including the power to take (or omit) all or any such action as he may from time to time deem appropriate or desirable in connection therewith. In furtherance of the powers granted to the General Partner herein, and in no way in limitation thereof, the General Partner, for and on behalf of the Partnership, shall have full, exclusive and complete power and responsibility to enter into agreements of whatever nature necessary to effect the acquisition of the Partnership's assets, and such amendments and restatements thereof and supplements and modifications thereto as it may consider to be in the best interests of the Partnership to perform all duties and obligations, and exercise all rights, as provided under s