ital requirements in 1994 will increase for the two new products planned for introduction during the year and expenditures will equal or exceed the $18 million incurred in 1992. The Company's most recent major product introduction, the C3 product series, was supported by capital expenditures of $25 million in 1990.
The Company's cash, cash equivalents and investment balances totaled approximately $70 million at the end of 1993. The Company believes this source of liquidity will be sufficient to meet cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, with financial performance in the first half of 1994 expected to be at or below the levels achieved in the second half of 1993, the Company expects cash balances to decrease. To help ensure the transition to the new products, the Company may seek to secure lines of working capital.
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-December 31, 1993
Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Convex Computer Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries ("Convex" or the "Company"). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain amounts have been reclassified from previously reported financial statements to conform with current presentation.
Revenue Recognition
Product revenue is generally recognized at the time of shipment. Certain sales agreements provide for compliance at the customer's site with specified functional and performance criteria which are generally factory-tested prior to shipment. Revenue recognition may be deferred in certain cases, depending upon contract terms or funding contingencies. An accounts receivable reserve is established for potential returns pending completion of customer product acceptance and payment.
Service revenue is recognized ratably over the contractual period or as the services are provided.