ill require structural improvements which are currently estimated to cost $2.7 million.
In addition to the SDWA, the CWA and Federal Dam Safety Act of 1986, numerous federal and state environmental laws affect the operations of the Consumers Water Subsidiaries.
In addition to the capital expenditures and costs currently anticipated, changes in environmental regulation, enforcement policies and practices or related matters may result in additional capital expenditures and costs. Capital expenditures and costs required as a result of water quality standards and environmental requirements are normally recognized by state public utility commissions as appropriate plant additions in established rates.
Water Subsidiary Information
Consumers' five largest water subsidiaries, Ohio Water Service Company (Ohio Water), Consumers Illinois Water Company (Consumers Illinois), Garden State Water Company (Garden State), Shenango Valley Water Company, (Shenango), and Inter-State Water Company (Inter-State) accounted for approximately 78% of consolidated operating revenues of the water subsidiaries in 1993 and 75% of consolidated water utility net property, plant and equipment at December 31, 1993.
Consumers' five largest water subsidiaries are discussed separately below.
Ohio Water Service Company
Ohio Water is the largest of the Consumers Water Subsidiaries, accounting for approximately 35% of the operating revenues of the water subsidiaries in 1993. As of December 31, 1993, Ohio Water operates five separate systems, five of which deliver treated water and one of which delivers partially treated water primarily to industrial customers. Ohio Water serves a number of communities in northeastern and central Ohio.
The following indicates the distribution of 1993 year-end customers, revenues and net utility plant among the five districts of Ohio Water.
(Dollars in Thousands) Number of Utility Net Utility Customers Revenues Plant
Lake Erie East District 7,516 $ 3,211 $ 8,789 Lake Erie We