ide such service has been formed. Such a system is designed primarily to serve the communications needs of remote locations and a mobile satellite system could provide viable competition for land-based cellular systems in such areas. It is also possible that the FCC may in the future assign additional frequencies to cellular telephone service to provide for more than two cellular telephone systems per market.
CT-2, second generation cordless telephones, and PCS, personal communications network services, may prove to be competitive with cellular service in the future. CT-2 will allow a customer to make a call from a personal phone as long as the person is within range of a telepoint base station which connects the call to the public switched telephone network. PCS will be digital, wireless communications systems which currently are primarily targeted for use in very densely populated areas. Various CT-2 and PCS trials are in process throughout the United States. CT-2 and PCS are not anticipated to be significant sources of competition in the Company's markets in the near future. Similar technological advances or regulatory changes in the future may make available other alternatives to cellular service, thereby creating additional sources of competition.
EMPLOYEES
The Company had 1,785 employees as of February 28, 1994. Of these, 1,491 were based at the various cellular markets operated or managed by the Company with only 294 based at its corporate office in Chicago, Illinois. None of the Company's employees is represented by a labor organization. The Company considers its relationship with its employees to be good.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The property for mobile telephone switching offices and cell sites are either owned or leased under long-term leases by the Company, one of its subsidiaries or the partnership or corporation which holds the construction permit or license. The Com