come Taxes" and "NOTE Q - Income Taxes" contained in the Company's 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties
The Company neither owns nor leases any real property. For the present, it uses the premises, equipment and furniture of St. Paul Federal without direct payment of any rental fees to St. Paul Federal.
As of December 31, 1993, St. Paul Federal has 50 banking offices located throughout the greater Chicago metropolitan area. All branch locations, except three drive-up facilities, are full-service offices and provide a full range of banking services. Fifteen of the branches are located in OMNI(R) food stores in the Chicago area with at least one additional store scheduled to be opened in 1994.
St. Paul Federal supplies its own data processing facilities. The primary internal data processing equipment at St. Paul Federal consists of desk-top and teller terminals which are both leased and owned and mainframe hardware components and ATMs which are owned. At December 31, 1993, the equipment owned had a net book value of approximately $9.3 million. ATMs are located at all of the Bank's offices. The Bank also has installed ATMs at 116 locations which are not St. Paul offices.
The following table sets forth certain information concerning the home office and each branch of the Bank at December 31, 1993. Additionally, the Bank owns five administrative buildings, one of which is utilized by three of its service corporations, and leases administrative office space in a nearby office complex. The aggregate net book value of St. Paul Federal's banking and administrative offices owned and the net book value of leasehold improvements at the offices leased at December 31, 1993 was approximately $22.8 million. The amount of annual lease expenses is not considered material. Management believes that all of these properties are in good condition.
Item 3.
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
As of December 31, 1993, there were no material pendin