ioning Costs," incorporated herein by reference.)
Low-Level Radioactive Waste. The availability and cost of disposal facilities for low-level radioactive waste resulting from normal operation of nuclear units are subject to a number of uncertainties. Under the Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980, as amended, each state is responsible for disposal of its own waste, and states may join in regional compacts to jointly fulfill their responsibilities. The States of Arkansas and Louisiana participate in the Central States Compact, and the State of Mississippi participates in the Southeast Compact. Two disposal sites are currently operating in the United States, and one of them, which is located in Washington, is closed to out-of-region generators. The second site, the Barnwell Disposal Facility (Barnwell) located in South Carolina, is operated by the Southeast Compact and the State of Mississippi is expected to have access to this site through December 1995. Barnwell had been open to out-of-region generators (including generators in Arkansas and Louisiana) in the past; however, on April 14, 1993, the Southeast Compact voted to deny access to Barnwell to members of the Central States Compact. Such access was reinstated for the period from October 1993 through June 1994, at which time legislative action by the State of South Carolina would be required to permit further access to out-of-region generators. Beginning in July 1994, low-level radioactive waste generators in the Central States Compact, including AP&L, GSU, and LP&L, will be required to store such waste on-site until a Central States Compact facility becomes operational or another site becomes accessible.
Both the Central States Compact and the Southeast Compact are working to establish additional disposal sites. The System, along with other waste generators, funds the development costs for new disposal facilities. The System's expenditures to date are approximately $30 million; and future levels of exp