ut site investigations at the Mill Property that may lead to the identification of needed remedial action. The successor is taking these actions pursuant to a consent order with the State of California Department of Health Services as required by corrective action provisions of the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. The lessor of the land and building at the Fontana Plate Mill has agreed to indemnify the Company for certain expenses (excluding consequential damages, but including cost of clean-up and remediation
required by governmental agencies) resulting from the presence of hazardous substances at the Fontana Plate Mill site other than as a result of the actions or negligence of the Company; and the Company has agreed to indemnify such lessor for similar expenses resulting from the presence of hazardous substances at the Fontana Plate Mill site as a result of actions or negligence of the Company.
The Fontana Plate Mill discharges wastewater to treatment systems. The Company recently took over management of the water pre-treatment system from its lessor. The system will undergo improvements to enhance its operational efficiency and prevent discharges of water. This will result in an expected cost of $400,000.
The Fontana Plate Mill is located within the South Coast Air Quality District and has been identified as a significant source of air emissions. A local emissions credit trading market has established additional rules to ensure reduction in emissions, establishment of a trading market for excess emission credits and continuous monitoring of these emissions. Fontana Plate Mill will be installing equipment to meet these new requirements as well as prepare application for a new air permit. The cost of this equipment is not expected to exceed $200,000.
Prior to the acquisition of the Napa Facility by the Company, the prior owner of the Napa Facility disposed of certain waste materials, including spent sandblast materials, mill scale and welding flux, 