holders and Board of Directors Norfolk Southern Corporation:
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Norfolk Southern Corporation and subsidiaries as listed in Item 8. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the consolidated financial statement schedules as listed in Item 14(a)1. These consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and consolidated financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Norfolk Southern Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related consolidated financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
As discussed in Note 1, the Company changed its methods of accounting in 1993 by