 as being competitive with those of an existing client. Generally, since advertising agencies charge clients substantially equivalent rates for their services, competitive efforts principally focus on the skills of the competing agencies.
Published reports indicate that there are over 500 advertising agencies of all sizes in the United States. In 1993, the Company was the 6th largest United States advertising agency in terms of domestic gross income according to statistics published in Adweek, a trade publication.
Approximately 54% of the Grey's present domestic advertising clients, representing a significant majority of the Company's 1993 domestic gross income, have been with the Company since 1989. The agreements between the Company and most of its clients are generally terminable by either the Company or the client on 90 days' notice as is the custom in the industry.
During 1993, one client (The Procter & Gamble Company) represented more than 10% of the Company's consolidated income from commissions and fees. No other client represented more than 5% of the Company's total consolidated commissions and fees. The loss of such client or other large clients of the Company may be expected to have an adverse effect on net income. Losses of important clients in past years, however, have not had a long-term effect upon the Company's financial condition or its competitive position.
On December 31, 1993, Grey and its consolidated subsidiaries employed approximately 5,038 persons, of whom nine were executive officers of Grey.
As is generally the case in the advertising industry, the Company's business traditionally has been seasonal, with greater revenues generated in the second and fourth quarters of each year. This reflects, in large degree, the media placement patterns of the Company's clients.
Advertising programs created by the Company are placed principally in media distributed within the United States and overseas through offices in the United States and a number of f