est rate swaps and caps are charged or credited to interest expense on other borrowings. Accrued interest receivable on swaps outstanding at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, was $70,000 and $264,000.
The Association grants residential loans to customers primarily in the Northeast. In 1992, the Association also began originating loans through its recently-opened office in Colorado. In early 1994, the Association closed its loan origination office in California. Although the Association has a diversified portfolio, the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans is substantially dependent upon the general economic conditions of the region.
NOTE 21: DISCLOSURES ABOUT THE FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments," requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other estimation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Such techniques and assumptions, as they apply to individual categories of the Company's financial instruments, are as follows:
. Cash and short-term investments: The carrying amounts for cash and short- term investments is a reasonable estimate of those assets' fair value.
. Investment securities, including mortgage-backed securities: Fair values for these securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices for similar securities.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) . Loans receivable: For adjustable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant ch