 controlling reimbursement for services provided. Licensing, certification and other applicable governmental regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and are revised periodically.
The Company's facilities must comply with the licensing requirements of federal, state and local health agencies and with the requirements of municipal building codes, health codes and local fire department codes. In granting and renewing a facility's license, a state health agency considers, among other things, the condition of the physical buildings and equipment, the qualifications of the administrative personnel and professional staff, the quality of professional and other services and the continuing compliance of such facility with applicable laws and regulations.
Most states in which the Company operates or manages facilities have in effect certificate of need statutes. State certificate of need statutes provide, generally, that prior to the construction of new healthcare facilities, the addition of new beds or the introduction of a new service, a state agency must determine that a need exists for those facilities, beds or services. A certificate of need is generally issued for a specific maximum amount of expenditures or number of beds or types of services to be provided, and the holder is generally required to implement the approved project within a specific time period.
Certificate of need issuances for new facilities are extremely competitive, often with several applicants for a single certificate of need.
Each Company owned or managed facility that is eligible (five of the six) is certified or approved as a provider under one or more of the Medicaid or Medicare programs. In order to receive Medicare reimbursement, each facility must meet the applicable conditions promulgated by the United States Department of Health and Human Services relating to the type of facility, its equipment, its personnel and its standards of patient care.
The Social Security Act contains a num