the pre-tax profits of their division unit.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Oregon Steel Division
The Portland Steel Mill is located on approximately 147 acres owned by the Company in the Rivergate Industrial Park in Portland, Oregon, near the confluence of the Columbia and Willamette rivers. The operating facilities principally consist of one electric arc furnace and ladle metallurgy stations, slab casting equipment and a plate rolling mill. The Company's 24,500 square foot office building and its steel mill facilities occupy approximately 84 acres of the site. The remaining 63 acres consist of two waterfront sites totaling 59 acres and a four acre site. The adjacent water channel accommodates ocean-going vessels. The Company's heat treating facilities are located near its principal facilities on a five acre site owned by the Company. In addition, the Company owns 74 acres of industrial property nearby, of which 44 acres are leased.
The Company owns approximately 152 acres in Napa, California. The Company's pipe mill occupies approximately 92 of these acres. The Company also owns a steel fabricating facility located adjacent to the pipe mill on this site. The fabricating facility is not currently used by the Company and consists of approximately 325,000 square feet of industrial buildings containing equipment for the production and assembly of large steel products or components and is partially leased on a short-term basis.
Camrose Pipe Company owns approximately 67 acres in Camrose, Alberta, Canada. The large diameter pipe mill occupies approximately 4 acres and the ERW pipe mill occupies approximately 3 acres of the site. In addition, there is a 3,600 square foot office building on the site. The sales staff is located in Calgary, Alberta in leased space.
The land and buildings at the Fontana Plate Mill are leased to the Company under a net lease (the "Lease"). The Company entered into the Lease in November 1989, and concurrently purchased from the lessor the machine