under United's labor contracts. Certain of the severance payments, which are to be made on a monthly basis, became payable in January 1994 after the unions ratified the agreement; however, these monthly payments terminate but are not refunded if the transaction does not close before August 31, 1994 or certain other conditions are not met. Other lump-sum severance amounts are payable only if the transaction closes prior to the required date. UAL has also agreed to pay up to $45 million of transaction fees and expenses incurred by ALPA and the IAM if the transaction is closed by August 31, 1994. If the transaction does not close by the required date but certain conditions are met, UAL will pay up to $12.5 million of ALPA and IAM transaction expenses.
(3) Merger of Affiliates
In September 1993, the Covia Partnership ("Covia"), a 50% owned affiliate of United, and The Galileo Company Limited, a 25.9% owned affiliate of United, merged. The merger resulted in the formation of the Apollo Travel Services Partnership ("ATS") and the Galileo International Partnership ("Galileo"), two general partnerships that are owned 77% and 38%, respectively, by United through a wholly-owned subsidiary. Galileo owns the Apollo and Galileo computer reservations systems. ATS is responsible for marketing, sales and support of Apollo in the United States, Mexico and the Caribbean.
Prior to the merger, United's investments in these companies were carried on the equity basis. As a result of the merger and United's majority ownership of ATS, the accounts of ATS are consolidated, resulting in non-cash increases of $78 million in assets, $46 million in liabilities and $34 million in minority interests as of the date of the merger. United's investment in Galileo is carried on the equity basis. The accounting for the merger resulted in no change in the book value of the assets and liabilities of the companies combined. During the fourth quarter, Galileo recorded a charge for the cost of eliminating d