 its parent or other subsidiaries. In September 1993, Equity Bank was notified in writing by the OTS that such Supervisory Agreement had been terminated.
Non-Accrual Policies: --------------------
Interest income is not accrued on loans which are ninety (90) days or more delinquent. The interest previously accrued on these delinquent loans is reversed from income. Delinquent loans are reviewed on a monthly basis to determine the propriety of non-accrual status for each loan. Management also considers the financial strength of the borrower, collateral valuations, business operations and current status of each borrower to determine non- accrual status. Normally, loans are not reinstated to accrual status unless all interest and principal payments have been brought current.
Loan Loss and Asset Valuation Reserve: -------------------------------------
Equity Bank's loan portfolio is reviewed on a monthly basis by internal management. The portfolio review normally includes large loans, delinquent loans and previously classified loans. These loans are classified utilizing general regulatory agency criteria. Specific losses identified by loan or asset are charged against income as a loss provision expense. The loan or asset balance is then written down upon approval by the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors. In addition, a General Valuation Allowance ("GVA") is computed as a percentage of the net book balance of the loan or asset. The computed allowance is charged against income as a loss provision expense and a general reserve is established to absorb potential future losses associated with the asset.
A GVA is computed for all internally classified assets and all appropriate unclassified loans and other assets. The GVA percentage utilized for these calculations ranges between 1% and 7.5% of the net book balance of the asset.
Credit Risk Concentration: -------------------------
Loan concentrations are another important factor in the assessment of inherent risks o