ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Huffy Corporation, an Ohio corporation, and its subsidiaries (collectively called "Huffy" or the "Company") are engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of Recreation and Leisure Time Products, Juvenile Products, and the furnishing of Services for Retail. The Company's executive offices are located in Miamisburg, Ohio and its principal business offices and/or manufacturing facilities are located in San Diego, California; Aurora, Ontario, Canada; Thornton, Colorado; Miamisburg and Celina, Ohio; Camp Hill and Harrisburg, Pennsylvania; Anderson, South Carolina; Waukesha and Suring, Wisconsin; and Whites Cross, Cork, Ireland.
The general development of business within each business segment (Recreation and Leisure Time Products, Juvenile Products and Services for Retail) is discussed in more detail below. See also Part IV herein for financial information relating to each such business segment.
RECREATION AND LEISURE TIME PRODUCTS
Huffy Bicycle Company, Huffy Sports Company, and True Temper Hardware Company comprise the Recreation and Leisure Time Products segment of the Company. Bicycles are one of the principal products produced within the business segment. Bicycles sold to high volume retailers represented 44.2 percent, 44.6 percent, and 47.5 percent of consolidated revenues of the Company for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively. Sales to high volume retailers of lawn and garden tools and cutting tools, which are also principal products within the business segment, represented 13.6 percent, 15.6 percent and 10.5 percent of consolidated revenues of the Company for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively. Although to date the export business is not significant, the companies in the Recreation and Leisure Time Products segment participate in various foreign markets and are actively involved in expanding export volume.
a. PRODUCTS, MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION
Huffy Bicycle Company: The Huffy registered 