 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
Not Applicable.
PART II
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The Corporation became a wholly owned subsidiary of Allied Irish on March 21, 1989 and, as a result, the Corporation's common stock is no longer listed or traded on any securities exchanges.
The Corporation's 7.875% Noncumulative Preferred Stock, Series A was issued on December 13, 1993 and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The transfer agent and registrar for the Preferred Stock is First National. As of March 23, 1994 there were 970 registered holders of the Preferred Stock.
ITEM 6.
ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
The following selected consolidated financial data is derived from the audited financial statements of the Corporation. It should be read in conjunction with the detailed information and financial statements of the Corporation included elsewhere herein. Since the acquisition of York Bank occurred on December 31, 1991, the Consolidated Summary of Operations and the Consolidated Average Balances for the year ended December 31, 1991 do not include amounts for York Bank; however, the capital and loan quality ratios shown below at December 31, 1991 reflect the acquisition of York Bank.
- -------- (1) The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board") guidelines for risk-based capital requirements applicable to all bank holding companies require the minimum ratios of Tier 1 and total capital to risk-adjusted assets to be 4% and 8%, respectively. The Federal Reserve Board's minimum leverage guidelines require all bank holding companies to maintain a ratio of Tier 1 capital to total average quarterly assets of at least 4%. The Tier 1, total capital, and leverage ratios for prior periods have been restated to reflect the cumulative effect on prior years of retroactively applying Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accountin