y, and parking facilities for over 2,700 vehicles. There is a wide variety of food and beverage facilities at TropWorld, including gourmet restaurants, several medium- priced restaurants and a food court offering a large choice of convenient and moderately priced items. Recreational facilities at TropWorld include indoor and outdoor swimming pools, tennis courts, a health and fitness club and a jogging track. TropWorld operates the casino 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
The theme of TropWorld recalls the heyday of the Atlantic City Boardwalk Piers with their amusement rides, carnival games and strolling entertainers. TropWorld offers daily live musical entertainment in its atrium, which contains a spectacular four-story-high operating ferris wheel. TropWorld boasts an indoor roller coaster, bumper cars, and other attractions reminiscent of the old Boardwalk in Atlantic City.
Tropicana is located on a 34-acre site on the southeast corner of the Strip and Tropicana Avenue in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Tropicana casino occupies 45,000 square feet and contains 1,510 slot machines and 52 table games. Tropicana has a tropical island theme and is promoted as "The Island of Las Vegas." It has one of the world's largest swimming pools and a five-acre water park and tropical garden area. Tropicana has 1,907 hotel rooms and suites and approximately 100,000 square feet of convention and exhibit space. The tropical theme is apparent in the decor of the property, which includes a large collection of tropical birds and fish. Tropicana offers its guests a variety of entertainment including laser light shows, a comedy club, lounge shows and the Folies Bergere revue, which is the longest- running production show in Las Vegas. At the end of 1993, the Company was in the process of constructing at Tropicana a new main entrance and a new building facade that will create a colorful Caribbean Village motif. The Company expects to complete construction of these enhancements during the first 