 of six months) by the borrower, in accordance with the contractual terms involving payments of cash or cash equivalents.
Restructured loans are "troubled debt restructurings" as defined in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 15, "Accounting by Debtors and Creditors for Troubled Debt Restructurings." Nonaccrual loans would not be included in troubled debt restructurings.
Other real estate and other assets owned represent collateral on loans to which the Corporation has taken title. This property, which is held for resale, is carried at fair market value minus estimated costs to sell.
Consistent with regulatory guidance on the reporting of in-substance foreclosures and the recently issued (but not yet adopted) Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan," the Corporation no longer reports loans as in-substance foreclosures unless the Corporation has possession of the collateral. For collateral dependent real estate loans where the Corporation has not taken title, loss recognition through a charge to the allowance for credit losses is based on the fair value (as defined in paragraph 13 of FAS 15) of the collateral if foreclosure is probable with the loan remaining in the loan category.
The following table sets forth nonperforming assets and accruing loans which are 90 days or more past due as to principal or interest payments on the dates indicated.
Nonperforming Assets
- -------- (1) Includes $1,793,000 in commercial loans classified as held-for-sale at December 31, 1993. (2) Includes $2,308,000 in commercial mortgages classified as held-for-sale at December 31, 1993.
The following table details the gross interest income that would have been received during the year ended December 31, 1993 on nonaccrual loans had such loans been current in accordance with their original terms throughout the year and the interest income on such loans actually included in income for the year.
At December 31, 1993, t