d demand for export coal, any significant spending on this project is not expected until after 1994. In addition to boosting capacity, this new facility should further increase the efficiency of coal transportation service and reduce the need for new coal hopper cars. A substantial portion of future capital spending is expected to be funded through internally generated cash, although debt financing will continue as the primary funding source for equipment acquisitions.
In January 1994, NS spent $71 million for coal reserves (see discussion on page 18).
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS. Compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment is a principal NS goal. To date, such compliance has not affected materially NS' capital additions, earnings, liquidity or competitive position.
Costs for environmental protection for 1993 were approximately $32.9 million, of which $28.9 million were operating expenses and $4.0 million were capitalized. Such NS expenditures historically have been associated with the cleanup of real estate used for operating and nonoperating purposes, solid/hazardous waste handling and disposal, water pollution control, asbestos removal projects and removal/remediation work related to underground tanks.
To promote achievement of NS' environmental objectives and to assure continuous improvement in its programs, environmental engineers perform ongoing analyses of all identified sites, and -- after consulting with counsel -- any necessary adjustments to initial liability estimates are recorded (and expensed or capitalized, as appropriate). Evaluations of other sites are ongoing. NS also has established an Environmental Policy Council, composed of senior managers, to prescribe and direct its environmental initiatives and undertake environmental awareness programs through which NS employees will receive training.
Certain NS rail subsidiaries have received notices from the Environmental Protection Agency that the