ronmental awareness is likely to have a positive impact on movements of recyclables, hazardous wastes and alternative fuels such as ethanol.
AUTOMOTIVE traffic (including motor vehicles, vehicle parts, miscellaneous transportation and ordnance, and tires) accounted for 10 percent of NS' total transportation operating revenues and 4 percent of revenue ton miles during 1993. Compared with 1992, NS Automotive revenues increased 7 percent and revenue ton miles increased 14 percent.
The gain was due to strong demand for vehicles produced at plants served by NS. NS' largest customer, Ford Motor Company, produced the top-selling automobile and truck in 1993. In addition, NS benefited from a full year of production at the Ford/Nissan plant located near Avon Lake, Oh. Successful marketing efforts, such as an innovative program with GM for just-in-time movement of auto parts, also contributed to the gain.
Further growth in Automotive is expected in 1994 and beyond, as U.S. automotive production is anticipated to increase for the next few years. Within this growing market, NS will pursue innovative marketing programs and aggressive industrial development. From 1994 to 1997, operations will begin at three new or expanded automotive assembly plants located on NS--the second Toyota Plant at Georgetown, Ky., in 1994; BMW at Greer, S.C., in 1995; and Mercedes- Benz at Tuscaloosa, Al., in 1997. The retooling of GM's Wentzville, Mo., and Doraville, Ga., plants for van production should also increase traffic.
AGRICULTURE traffic (including grains and soybeans, feed and feed ingredients, sweeteners, beverages, consumer products, and various other agricultural and food commodities) accounted for 7 percent of NS' total transportation operating revenues and 12 percent of total revenue ton miles during 1993. Compared with 1992, agricultural revenues increased 6 percent and revenue ton miles increased 8 percent.
In the early part of the year, NS benefited from a record harvest, that continu