mpany changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits in 1993 to adopt the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 106, Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions. As discussed in Note 3, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes in 1993 to adopt the provisions of SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. As discussed in Note 1, the Company changed its method of accounting for certain inventories in 1993.
/S/KPMG PEAT MARWICK
Louisville, Kentucky February 10, 1994
ERNST & YOUNG
Report of Independent Auditors
Board of Directors and Shareholders Thomas Industries Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Thomas Industries Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1992 and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 1992. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Thomas Industries Inc. and subsidiaries at December 31, 1992, and the consolidated