ajor petroleum companies and one chemical company. The petroleum companies produce lubricant and fuel additives for their own use, and also sell additives to others. These competing companies are also customers of Lubrizol. Excluding viscosity improvers, management believes, based on volume sold, that it is the largest supplier to the petroleum industry of performance chemicals for lubricants.
CUSTOMERS. In the United States, Lubrizol markets its additive products through its own sales organization. The company's additive customers consist primarily of oil refiners and independent oil blenders and are located in more than 100 countries. Approximately 60% of the company's sales are made to customers outside of North America. The company's ten largest customers, most of which are international oil companies and a number of which are groups of affiliated entities, accounted for approximately 44% of consolidated sales in 1993. Although the loss of any one of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, each is made up of a number of separate business units that the company believes make independent purchasing decisions with respect to chemical additives. Sales to Royal Dutch Petroleum Company (Shell) and its affiliates accounted for 9% of consolidated sales in 1993.
RAW MATERIALS. Lubrizol utilizes a broad variety of chemical raw materials in the manufacture of its additives and uses oil in processing and blending additives. These materials are obtainable from several sources, and for the most part are derived from petroleum. Historically, the unstable conditions in the Middle East have caused the cost of raw materials to fluctuate significantly; however, it has not significantly affected the availability of raw materials to the company. The company expects raw materials to be available in adequate amounts in 1994.
RESEARCH, TESTING AND DEVELOPMENT. Lubrizol has historically emphasized research and has developed a large percentage of t