es.
Substantially all of the ComputerLand Business' sales to its customers currently are financed on behalf of such customers by floor plan financing companies, and the ComputerLand Business typically receives payment from these financing companies within three business days from the date of sale. Such floor plan financing is typically subsidized for the ComputerLand Business' customers by its suppliers. Any material change in the availability or the terms of financing offered by such financing companies or the subsidies provided by suppliers could require Merisel FAB to provide such financing to its customers, thereby substantially increasing the working capital necessary to operate its business.
The Company does not have experience in operating a master reseller business such as the ComputerLand Business, with its different merchandising strategy and customer base. While the Company believes that the personnel hired as part of the ComputerLand Acquisition, together with the Company's senior management, will successfully manage the ComputerLand Business, no assurances can be given as to the future performance levels or operating results of the ComputerLand Business.
COMPETITION
Competition in the microcomputer products distribution industry is intense and is based primarily on price, brand selection, breadth and availability of product offering, speed of delivery, level of training and technical support, marketing services and programs and ability to influence a buyer's decision.
Certain of Merisel's competitors have substantially greater financial resources than Merisel. Merisel's principal competitors include large United States-based international distributors such as Ingram Micro and Tech Data Corporation, non-U.S. based international distributors such as Computer 2000, national distributors such as Gates/FA Distributing, Inc. and Robec, Inc. and regional distributors and franchisors. The Company competes internationally with a variety of national and regional 