pany acquired the Ramada Inn in Meriden, Connecticut in July 1993. The Company spent $7.8 million on its development and acquisition program in 1993. The Company anticipates capital spending for its hotel development and acquisition programs in 1994 will range between $35 and $40 million. No assurance can be given that the Company will locate suitable acquisitions and therefore will complete such capital expenditures in 1994.
The Company is pursuing a program of refurbishing its Owned Hotels and repositioning them in order to meet the local market's demand characteristics. In some instances, this may involve a change in franchise affiliation. The refurbishment and repositioning program primarily involves Hotels which the Company has recently acquired through mortgage foreclosures or settlements, lease evictions/terminations or acquisitions. In 1993, the Company spent approximately $5.0 million on capital improvements at its Owned Hotels, of which $2.5 million related to refurbishments and repositionings on eight Owned Hotels. The Company intends to spend approximately $7.1 million on capital improvements related to its refurbishment and repositioning program at its Owned Hotels in 1994. Of this amount, $5.1 million relates to refurbishments and
repositionings on eight Owned Hotels, which includes five hotels that were being refurbished in 1993 and will continue to be refurbished in 1994.
Asset Realizations. The Company continues to negotiate settlements with mortgage and note obligors, from which it anticipates receiving cash or operating hotel assets. The Company intends to use the cash proceeds from asset conversions for debt repayments and general corporate purposes.
In June 1993, the Company reached a settlement of an adversary proceeding regarding a note and promissory guarantee commenced by a subsidiary of PMI during PMI's bankruptcy case (the "Rose and Cohen Settlement") with Allan V. Rose ("Rose") and Arthur G. Cohen ("Cohen"). The settlement provided for Ro