assigns, transfers and sets over to the Employer (herein this Part II called the "Assignee"), its successors and assigns, the Policy issued by the Insurer upon the life of Employee and all claims, options, privileges, rights, titles and interest therein and thereunder (except as provided in Paragraph C hereof), subject to all terms and conditions of the Policy and to all superior liens, if any, which the Insurer may have against the Policy. The Employee by this instrument agrees and the Assignee by the acceptance of this Assignment agrees to the conditions and provisions herein set forth.
B. It is expressly agreed that, without detracting from the generality of the foregoing, the following specific rights are included in this Agreement and Collateral Assignment and inure to the Assignee by virtue hereof:
1. The sole right to collect from the Insurer the net proceeds of the Policy in excess of the proceeds due the Employee under Part I, Section D, when it becomes a claim by death or maturity;
2. The sole right to surrender the Policy and receive the surrender value thereof at any time provided by the terms of the Policy and at such other times as the Insurer may allow;
3. The sole right to obtain one or more loans or advances on the policy, either from the Insurer or, at any time, from other persons, and to pledge or assign the Policy as security for such loans or advances;
4. The sole right to exercise all nonforfeiture rights permitted by the terms of the Policy or allowed by the Insurer and to receive all benefits and advantages derived therefrom;
5. The sole right to direct investment of cash values as provided under the insurance contract, and to make changes and transfers in such fund allocations.
C. It is expressly agreed that the following specific rights, so long as the Policy has not been surrendered, are reserved and excluded from this Collateral Assignment and do not pass by virtue hereof:
1. The right to designate and change the beneficiary;
2. The right