anagement believes that the new properties located at "The New Four Corners" have stimulated and will continue to stimulate additional walk-in traffic that provides increased opportunities for Tropicana to attract its target customers and retain them through the Company's proprietary database marketing system. There can be no assurance, however, that the increased competition from these new properties will not have an adverse effect on Tropicana.
Ramada Express is located on 28 acres in Laughlin, Nevada. Laughlin is situated on the Colorado River at Nevada's southern tip. The facility features a Victorian-era railroad theme, including a train that carries guests between the parking areas and the casino hotel. In September 1993, the Company completed a $75 million expansion of Ramada Express, on schedule and within budget. The expansion was financed primarily out of the Company's cash and cash flow. During the fourth quarter 1993, the Company borrowed $25 million against its $50 million construction and term loan credit facility which was converted into a $50 million revolving line of credit in December 1993. The expansion of Ramada Express included a new 1,100-room tower, increasing the property to a total of 1,500 rooms; a casino expansion of 20,000 square feet, bringing the total to 50,000 square feet; a 1,100-vehicle parking garage, bringing the total parking capacity to 2,300 vehicles; and additional restaurant, special event and retail space. The expanded casino contains 33 gaming tables and 1,545 slot machines and is utilized 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
COMPETITION AND SEASONALITY
Competition
Although the Company has been able to compete successfully in its gaming markets in the past, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to compete successfully in these markets.
The Company faces intense competition in each of the markets in which its gaming facilities are located from other companies in the gaming industry, some of which 