he EPA has an interim enforcement policy for the SO2 regulations in Ohio which allows for compliance with the regulations based on a 30-day averaging period. The EPA has proposed regulations which could cause changes in the interim enforcement policy including a revision of methods of determining compliance with emission limits. The Company cannot predict what action the EPA may take in the future with respect to the interim enforcement policy.
Water Regulation
Various water quality regulations, the majority of which are the result of the federal Clean Water Act and its amendments, apply to the Company's plants. In addition, Pennsylvania and Ohio have water quality standards applicable to the Company's operations. As provided in the Clean Water Act, authority to grant federal National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) water discharge permits can be assumed by a state. Pennsylvania and Ohio have assumed such authority.
The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency (Ohio EPA) has issued an NPDES Permit for the W.H. Sammis Plant. The plant is in compliance with chemical limitations of the permit. The permit conditions would have required the addition of cooling towers to the W. H. Sammis Plant, however, the EPA and Ohio EPA have approved a variance request eliminating the current need for cooling towers.
Waste Disposal
As a result of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, and the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976, federal and state hazardous waste regulations have been promulgated. These regulations may result in significantly increased costs to dispose of waste materials. The ultimate effect of these requirements cannot presently be determined.
The Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources has issued regulations dealing with the storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of residual waste such as coal ash and scrubber sludge. These regulations impose additional requirements relating to permitting, ground
water monitori