s which front on a paved street and are ready for immediate building. Because of the Company's default, the Division could also exercise other available remedies under the 1992 Consent Order, which remedies entitle the Division, among other things, to halt all sales of registered property.
Based upon the Company's experience with affected customers, the Company believes that the total refunds arising from delays in completing such improvements will not materially exceed the amount provided for in the consolidated financial statements. Approximately $64,000 and $133,300 of the provision for the total refunds relating to the delays of improvements remained in accrued expenses and other at December 31, 1993 and December 25, 1992, respectively.
The Company's corporate performance bonds to assure the completion of development at its St. Augustine Shores community expire in March and June, 1993. Such bonds cannot be renewed due to a change in the policy of the Board of County Commissioners of St. Johns County which precludes allowing any developer to secure the performance of development obligations by the issuance of corporate bonds. In the event that St. Johns County elects to undertake the completion of such development work, the Company would be obligated with respect to 1,000 improved lots at St. Augustine Shores in the amount of approximately $6,200,000. The Company intends to submit an alternative assurance program for the completion of such development and improvements to the County for its approval.
In addition to the matters discussed above and in Note 9, the Company is a party to other litigation relating to the conduct of its business which is routine in nature and, in the opinion of management, should have no material effect upon the Company's operation.
9. MARCO ISLAND-MARCO SHORES PERMITS
On April 16, 1976, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the "Corps") denied the Company's application for dredge and fill permits required to complete development of the Marc