business as a discontinued operation and, accordingly, has not included these operations in the Company's segments.
History
The Company, founded in 1901 in the United States by Dr. Carl Gustaf Patrik de Laval, a Swedish scientist, was acquired by Transamerica Corporation ("Transamerica") in 1963. In 1964, Transamerica merged its existing wholly owned manufacturing subsidiary, General Metals Corporation, into the Company. At the close of business on December 18, 1986, Transamerica distributed all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock to holders of record of Transamerica Common Stock on the basis of one share of Company Common Stock for each ten shares of Transamerica Common Stock held ("Distribution"). Following the Distribution, the Company has operated as a publicly traded company.
Industry Segments
A description of the principal products and services offered by each core business segment of the Company, as well as the principal markets for such products and services, are set forth below. Certain information in response to this item with respect to net sales, operating profit, and identifiable assets of each of these segments and by geographic area is contained in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Form 10-K Report as indexed at Item 14(a)(1). On October 29, 1992, the Company announced a restructuring plan pursuant to which it divested six of its operating units in 1993 and is seeking to divest certain other non-strategic businesses and underutilized real estate holdings. In January 1994, the Company announced its intention to dispose of its Electro-Optical Systems business, which is being accounted for as a discontinued operation. Additional information regarding the businesses sold and held for sale and the discontinued operation is provided later in this section and is contained in Note 3 and Note 2, respectively, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Morse Controls
The Mo