ng from such inclusion. Intercompany payments are made when such taxes are due or tax credits are realized by MDC.
Investment tax credits (which were repealed by the Tax Reform Act of 1986) related to property subject to financing transactions are deferred and amortized over the terms of the financing transactions.
The provision for taxes on income is computed at current tax rates and adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences, temporary differences and the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those previously used to determine deferred income taxes. In 1992, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." The impact of the adoption of SFAS No. 109 had no material effect on the Company's accounting for income taxes. SFAS No. 109 requires financial statements reflect deferred income taxes for future tax consequences of events recognized in different years for financial and tax reporting purposes.
Foreign Currency Translation McDonnell Douglas Bank Limited ("MD Bank"), a United Kingdom company, is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of MDC. Through intercompany arrangements between MDC and the Company, MD Bank is consolidated as if it were a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Adjustments from translating the assets and liabilities of MD Bank from the functional currency of the pound sterling into U.S. dollars at the year-end exchange rate are accumulated and reported as a separate component of equity. Operating results are translated at average monthly exchange rates.
Note 2 - Dispositions
During the second quarter of 1992, the Company completed the sale of the remaining assets of its full-service leasing segment, operating as McDonnell Douglas Truck Services Inc. ("MDTS"). These assets were sold to various parties for approximately $58.6 million. This segment has been reported as a discontinued operation. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements for 1992 and 1991 h