on Stage 2 aircraft first proposed after October 1990. While United has had sufficient scheduling flexibility to accommodate local noise restrictions imposed to the present, United's operations could be adversely affected if locally-imposed regulations become more restrictive or widespread.
Federal Aviation Regulation Part 150, which was issued pursuant to Title I of the Aviation Safety and Noise Abatement Act of 1979, provides limited funding to airport operators to formulate noise compatibility programs, and established procedures through which such programs may be approved by the FAA. This rule may encourage the consideration of additional local aircraft and airport usage restrictions.
The Environmental Protection Agency regulates operations, including air carrier operations, which affect the quality of air in the United States. United has made all necessary modifications to its operating fleet to meet emission standards issued by the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA").
Federal and state environmental laws require that underground storage tanks (USTs) be upgraded to new construction standards and equipped with leak detection by December 22, 1998. These requirements are phased into effect based on the age, construction and use of existing tanks. United operates a number of underground and above ground storage tanks throughout its system, primarily used for the storage of fuels and deicing fluids. A program for the removal or upgrading of USTs and remediation of any related contamination has been ongoing since 1987. Compliance with these federal and state UST regulations is not expected to have a material adverse effect on United's financial condition.
United has been identified by the EPA as a potentially responsible party with respect to Superfund sites involving soil and groundwater contamination at the Bay Area Drum Site in San Francisco, California, the Chemsol, Inc. Site in Piscataway, New Jersey, the Petrochem/Ekotek Site in Salt Lake City, Utah, the Mo