on was outstanding. Notes payable to banks of $400.0 million are obligations of a wholly owned subsidiary, Coastal Natural Gas Company (CNG), for which CNG has pledged the common stock of its first-tier subsidiaries as collateral. The agreements contain restrictive covenants which, among other things, limit the payment of dividends by CNG and the amount of additional indebtedness of CNG and its subsidiaries.
The subsidiary project financing note bears interest at money market-related rates.
Various agreements contain restrictive covenants which, among other things, limit the payment of advances or dividends by certain subsidiaries and additional indebtedness of certain subsidiaries. At December 31, 1993, net assets of consolidated subsidiaries amounted to approximately $5.1 billion, of which $1.7 billion was restricted by such provisions.
In February 1994, ANR Pipeline Company sold $125.0 million of 7-3/8% Debentures due in 2024. The net proceeds from the sale will be used for capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
INTEREST RATE AND CURRENCY SWAPS - The Company has entered into a number of interest rate swap agreements which have effectively fixed interest rates on $563.5 million of floating rate debt. Under these agreements, Coastal will pay the counterparties interest at a fixed rate, and the counterparties will pay Coastal interest at a variable rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). At December 31, 1993, the weighted average fixed rate payable under these agreements was 9.61%. The Company has also entered into a number of offsetting interest rate swap agreements which have effectively converted $250.0 million of fixed rate debt into floating rate debt. Terms expire at various dates through the third quarter of 1996.
The foreign currency exposure relating to certain of the Swiss franc denominated debt of the Company and one of its subsidiaries and Japanese yen denominated debt of the Company has been hedged to maturity, r