lies a significantly smaller number of products to a significantly smaller number of customers than the Company's existing distribution business. Master resellers focus on supplying computer systems and other higher-volume products to their customers while the Company's existing business supplies a wide range of products to many different types of customers. Certain of the larger computer manufacturers, such as Apple, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard and IBM, have historically required resellers to purchase their products from an affiliated aggregator, such as the ComputerLand Business. Wholesale distributors have not been authorized to sell these manufacturers' key microcomputer components, except on a limited basis.
For the fiscal year ended September 30, 1993, approximately 76% of the ComputerLand Business' revenues were generated from the sale of products from four manufacturers: Apple, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard and IBM. The loss of any one of these four manufacturers, or a change in the way any of these manufacturers markets, prices or distributes its products, could have a material adverse effect on the ComputerLand Business' operating and financial results. Specifically, to the extent that one of the leading four manufacturers changes its current system of limiting authorization to sell its products to master resellers, the ComputerLand Business' sales levels would be adversely affected. The Company believes, however, that its existing wholesale distribution business may benefit from such changes.
Substantially all of the ComputerLand Business' franchisees are electronically linked for the purposes of order placement and other communications, reducing the need for sales representatives and support personnel in comparison to the Company's existing business. In addition, substantially all of the ComputerLand Business' customers finance their orders through "floor plan" financing companies or pay on a C.O.D. basis, reducing the need for credit and collection personnel and 