which operates an insurance brokerage business; and Managed Properties, Inc., which manages foreclosed real estate.
During 1991, the Company established a second wholly-owned subsidiary, Annuity Network, Inc. ("ANI"), which began operations on November 1, 1991. The business activity of ANI is the sale of annuity products. Prior to the incorporation of ANI, annuity products had been sold by SPSI, a subsidiary of the Bank. The earnings and cash flows of ANI are affected by the revenue lease sharing arrangement with SPSI which was entered into on June 30, 1993. This agreement was designed to compensate SPSI for providing ANI access to its customers. While the agreement impacts the earnings and cash flows of the two companies, it has no impact on the consolidated results of operations.
During 1993, the Company acquired St. Paul Financial Development Corporation ("St. Paul Financial") from the Bank at its fair market value. St. Paul Financial primarily engages in single family real estate development in the Chicago metropolitan area.
The Company's executive offices are located at 6700 West North Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60635, telephone (312) 622-5000. Financial information contained in this Form 10-K concerning the Company is presented on a consolidated basis with its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated.
See page 21 of Management's Discussion and Analysis contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto for an overview of the Bank's investing and financing activities.
MARKET AREA
St. Paul Federal is based in Chicago, Illinois, the third largest metropolitan area in the United States. Based on total assets of $3.7 billion at December 31, 1993, St. Paul Federal was the largest independent savings institution headquartered in Illinois. The Bank's deposits are primarily derived from the areas where its 50 banking offices are located. The Bank does not
actively solicit deposits outside the Chicago metropolitan area and does not use brokers