t the allegations in the Second Amended Complaint.
In two virtually identical actions, Frank H. Cobb, Inc. v. The Cooper Companies, Inc., et al., and Arthur J. Korf v. The Cooper Companies, Inc., et al., class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in August 1989, against the Company and certain individuals who served as officers and/or directors of the Company after June 1987. In their Fourth Amended Complaint filed in September 1992, the plaintiffs allege that they are bringing the actions on their own behalf and as class actions on behalf of a class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired shares of the Company's common stock during the period May 26, 1988 through February 13, 1989. The amended complaints seek an undetermined amount of compensatory damages jointly and severally against all defendants. The complaints, as amended, allege that the defendants knew or recklessly disregarded and failed to disclose to the investing public material adverse information about the Company. Defendants are accused of having allegedly failed to disclose,
or delayed in disclosing, among other things: (a) that the allegedly real reason the Company announced on May 26, 1988 that it was dropping a proposed merger with Cooper Development Company, Inc. was because the Company's banks were opposed to the merger; (b) that the proposed sale of Cooper Technicon, Inc., a former subsidiary of the Company, was not pursuant to a definitive sales agreement but merely an option; (c) that such option required the approval of the Company's debentureholders and preferred stockholders; (d) that the approval of such sale by the Company's debentureholders and preferred stockholders would not have been forthcoming absent extraordinary expenditures by the Company; and (e) that the purchase agreement between the Company and Miles, Inc. for the sale of Cooper Technicon, Inc. included substantial penalties to be paid by