ers in October 1992. For plastics, non-wovens and makers of coated materials such as flooring and building products, the MCS is an affordable solution for process improvement - all in a competitive, technologically advanced control system.
Measurex 2002 ET Systems
Measurex 2002 ET(TM) supervisory systems feature consolidated electronics, operator stations designed for ease of use with a broad range of graphic displays, fiber optic communications and proprietary software. A number of proprietary sensors are offered with these systems to address specific needs of the individual industries. This system provides specific solutions for the aluminum foil and sheet producers and tire manufacturers. The CMU (Computer Management Unit) 2002 ET Configuration is a pre-packaged set of features that offers a low cost option for small paper machines.
Proprietary Sensors
Measurex provides sensor technology for the process industries, currently offering more than 70 sensors. Its sensors include those that monitor the basis weight, moisture, caliper, ash content, coating, smoothness, gloss, formation, opacity, strength and color of processed paper, as well as the physical properties of other processed products, such as the wire spacing faults on steel belted tires. These sensors use a variety of proprietary applications involving technologies which include microwave, infrared, visible light, ultraviolet, beta, X-ray and gamma radiation.
Cross-Direction Controls
Measurex is a leader in the complex technology of cross-direction (CD) profile control. The center of this business is in the Measurex Devron Division, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. CD control, as used for example in the pulp and paper industry, allows precise control of paper characteristics in small segments across the entire width of the paper sheet. Cross-direction controls are complementary to the average profile taken along the paper's direction of travel, referred to as machine direction. The combined co