tnerships which the Trust does
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
not control. Under the equity method, the Trust's initial investment, recorded at cost, is increased by the Trust's proportionate share of the partnership's operating income and additional advances and decreased by the Trust's proportionate share of the partnership's operating losses and distributions received.
Marketable equity securities. Marketable equity securities are considered to be available-for-sale and are carried at fair value, defined as year end closing market value. Net unrealized holding gains and losses are reported as a separate component of shareholders' equity. Such securities were carried at adjusted cost in the Trust's December 31, 1992 Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Fair value of financial instruments. The Trust used the following assumptions in estimating the fair value of its notes receivable, marketable equity securities and notes payable. For performing notes receivable, the fair value was estimated by discounting future cash flows using current interest rates for similar loans. For nonperforming notes receivable, the estimated fair value of the Trust's interest in the collateral property was used. For marketable equity securities, fair value was based on the year end closing market price of each security. The estimated fair values presented do not purport to present amounts to be ultimately realized by the Trust. The amounts ultimately realized may vary significantly from the estimated fair values presented. For notes payable, the fair value was estimated using current rates for mortgages with similar terms and maturities.
Cash equivalents. For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the Trust considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Earnings per share. Income (loss) per share