g pension reversion ESOPs, ESOPs that hold convertible preferred stock, and terminations, as well as issues related to accounting for income taxes. SOP 93-6 also contains disclosure requirements for all employers with ESOPs, including those that account for ESOP shares under the grandfathering provisions.
SOP 93-6 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993. Employers are required to apply the provisions of SOP 93-6 to shares purchased by ESOPs after December 31, 1992, that have not been committed to be released as of the beginning of the year of adoption. Employers are permitted, but not required, to apply the provisions of ESOP 93-6 to shares purchased by ESOPs on or before December 31, 1992, that have not been committed to be released as of the beginning of the year of adoption. The Company adopted SOP 93-6 as of January 1, 1994.
On March 31, 1993, the Accounting Standards Executive Committee of the AICPA issued a proposed statement of position (SOP) which would require all reporting entities (including business enterprises, non-for-profit organizations, and state and local governments) that prepare financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles to include in their financial statements disclosures about the nature of their operations and use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements. In addition, if specified disclosure criteria are met, it would require such entities to include in their financial statements disclosures about certain significant estimates, current vulnerability due to concentrations, and financial flexibility.
The provisions of this proposed SOP would be effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years ending after December 15, 1994, and for financial statements for interim periods in fiscal years subsequent to the year for which the proposed SOP is first applied. Early application is encouraged but not required. Since the proposed SOP is a disclosure document only, the