ares were issued to participants for achieving certain established performance goals for the year ended December 31, 1993. The total value of the shares issued was $57,668 based on a stock price of $26.00 per share.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
Table 14 on page 37 presents the Company's consolidated interest rate sensitivity position as of year-end 1993. The objective of interest rate sensitivity analysis is to attempt to measure the impact on the Company's net interest income due to fluctuations in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity is managed at the bank level, enabling bank management to
incorporate its own interest rate projections, liquidity needs and factors specific to the local market into the analysis. As such, the Company does not manage its interest rate sensitivity from a consolidated position. The information in Table 14 has been assembled and presented in response to regulatory reporting requirements.
Inflation
The impact of inflation on the banking industry differs significantly from that of other industries in which a large portion of total resources are invested in fixed assets such as property, plant and equipment. Assets and liabilities of financial institutions are virtually all monetary in nature, and therefore are primarily impacted by interest rates rather than changing prices. While the general level of inflation underlies most interest rates, interest rates react more to change in the expected rate of inflation and to changes in monetary and fiscal policy. Net interest income and the interest rate spread are good measures of the Company's ability to react to changing interest rates and are discussed in further detail in the section entitled "Earnings Analysis" beginning on page 13.
Accounting Pronouncements
The Company adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," which changed the accounting for income taxes to the asset and liability method from the deferral method previously required by Accounting Principles Board Opinion 11. A