e actions were filed by the plaintiffs as class actions during September 1989, June 1989 and August 1989, respectively. The actions arose out of an Exchange Offer made by the Company to the limited partners of I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 21, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 23, and I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 24. The plaintiffs, who were limited partners of the above named partnerships who did not consent to the Exchange Offer, brought this action purportedly on behalf of all limited partners that did not consent to the Exchange Offer. The Exchange Offer was made through the solicitation of consents pursuant to a Proxy Statement/Prospectus dated February 14, 1989 and was approved by the holders of a majority of the limited partnership interests of each of the Partnerships in March 1989. Messrs. Levan, Grieco and Kranz served as individual general partners of each of the Partnerships, and Mr. Levan is the President and a director of the Company.
The plaintiffs alleged that the Proxy Statement/Prospectus contained material misstatements and omissions, that defendants violated the federal securities laws in connection with the offer and Exchange, that the Exchange breached the respective Limited Partners Agreement and that the defendants violated the Florida Limited Partnership statute in effectuating the Exchange. The complaint also alleged that the defendant general partners violated their fiduciary duties to the plaintiffs.
In a memorandum opinion and order dated December 17, 1991, the Court granted the defendant's motion for summary judgement and denied the plaintiff's motion for summary judgement, ruling that the Exchange did not violate the partnership agreements or the Florida partnership statute. In July 1992, the Court granted summary judgment in favor of the defendants and dismissed the plaintiffs' claims for breach of fiduciary duty.
Subsequently, the court entered summary judgment in favor of the defendants on all claims of misre