g, the CBS Television Network competes with other networks, - 3 - television stations, cable television programmers, and other advertising media. The CBS owned television stations compete for advertising with other television stations and cable television systems, as well as with newspapers, magazines and billboards. The CBS Television Network and CBS owned television stations also compete with other video media for distribution rights to television programming. The CBS owned television stations compete primarily in their individual markets.
In addition to competing television broadcast stations, cable television systems and program services represent a significant source of competition for audiences, advertising and program rights to CBS. In individual markets, cable systems provide competition by offering audiences additional signals and by supplying a broad array of advertiser- and subscription-supported video programming not available on conventional stations.
Current and future technological developments may affect competition within the television field. Developments in advanced digital technology may enable competitors to provide "high definition" pictures and sound qualitatively superior to what television stations now provide. Development of the technology to compress digital signals may also permit the same broadcast or cable channel or satellite transponder to carry multiple video and data services, and could result in an expanded field of competing services. CBS cannot predict when and to what extent digital technology will be implemented in the various television services, and whether and how television stations will be able to make use of the improvements inherent in it. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has initiated proceedings having the ultimate goal of adopting a standard for the use of advanced digital technology in terrestrial television broadcast service.
Recent statutory, judicial and regulatory actions may also affect competition. T