 and 1992" in Management's Discussion and Analysis contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
Many of the checking account products offered by the Bank bear interest. Checking accounts are assessed fees of varying amounts, depending upon the product type, the balance maintained in the account and the number of monthly transactions executed on the account. Each of the checking accounts have access to an electronic banking system using an ATM card. Over 1,800 banking locations are available in the Chicago metropolitan area (65,000 locations worldwide) through a shared electronic network of ATMs. In addition to checking accounts offered to retail bank customers, the Bank also offers a commercial checking account product.
The Bank offers several types of passbook and statement savings accounts. Some of these accounts feature electronic banking access using an ATM card. The rate paid on savings accounts is reviewed on a quarterly basis. As of December 31, 1993, passbook and statement accounts earned 2.42% interest. The Bank also offers a money market account which is an insured investment account that pays market rates with no withdrawal penalty.
The Bank also issues fixed and variable rate certificates of deposit ("CDs") of varying maturities. Short-term CDs with maturities of three months can be opened for $500 or more and six-month CDs can be opened for $2,000 or more. The variable-rate CDs have a maturity of eighteen-months and the interest rate earned on the accounts changes weekly throughout the eighteen-month term. There is a substantial penalty for early withdrawal on all CDs offered by the Bank.
St. Paul Federal's deposit base at December 31, 1993 included $1.8 billion of CDs with a weighted average rate of 4.75%. Of these CDs, approximately $1.1 billion will mature during the twelve months ending December 31, 1994. The Bank will seek to retain these deposits to the extent consistent with its long-term objective of maintainin