rough the end of the Interest Period(s) applicable to such Euro-Dollar-Based Advances, the Euro-Dollar- Based Advances then outstanding shall begin bearing interest at the Prime- Based Rate from and including the date of such notice (notwithstanding any prior election by the Borrower to the contrary).
ARTICLE IX
MISCELLANEOUS
Section 9.1. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to a party hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given to such party at its address set forth on the signature page hereof or such other address as such party may hereafter specify for that purpose by notice to the other.
Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by mail, two Business Days after such communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid or (ii) if given by any other means, when delivered at the address specified in this Section 9.1, provided that any notice given to the Bank pursuant to Section 2.2 shall only be effective upon receipt.
Section 9.2. No Waivers. No failure or delay by the Bank in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder (except as set forth in Section 8.3(d)) or under the Note shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.
Section 9.3. Expenses. The Borrower shall pay (i) all out-of-pocket expenses of the Bank, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of its counsel, in connection with the preparation of this Agreement, any waiver or consent hereunder, any amendment hereof or any Default hereunder and (ii) if an Event of Default occurs, all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Bank, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of its counsel, in connection with such Event of Default