ibe forms of accounts and require reports from air carriers; to regulate methods of competition, including the provision and use of computerized reservation systems; and to administer regulations providing for consumer protection, including regulations governing the accessibility of air transportation facilities for handicapped individuals. United's operations require certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the DOT, an air carrier operating certificate and related operations specifications issued by the FAA.
United's operations also require licenses issued by the aviation authorities of the foreign countries United serves. Foreign aviation authorities may from time to time impose a greater degree of economic regulation than exists with respect to United domestic operations.
In international markets, United competes against foreign investor-owned and national flag carriers and U.S. carriers that have been granted authority to provide scheduled passenger and freight service between points in the United States and various overseas destinations. In connection with its international services, United is required to file with the DOT and observe tariffs establishing the fares and rates charged and the rules governing the transportation provided. In addition, United's operating authorities in international markets are governed by the aviation agreements between the United States and foreign countries.
In certain cases, fares, rates and schedules require the approval of the DOT and the relevant foreign governments. United has recommended to the U.S. Congress that it consider developing an international aviation policy that seeks enhanced access to international markets for U.S. carriers in return for access to U.S. markets by foreign carriers. Shifts in United States or foreign government aviation policies can lead to the alteration or termination of existing air service agreements that the U.S. has with other governments, which could diminish the value of