riedman, the plaintiff, a purchaser of Southmark preferred stock, alleged that the defendants disseminated false and misleading corporate reports, financial analysis and news releases in order to induce the public to continue investing in Southmark. Grant Thornton served as independent certified public accountants to Southmark and, for 1988 and 1989, to the Trust. The plaintiff sought actual damages in the amount of less than $10,000, treble damages and punitive damages in an unspecified amount plus attorneys' fees and costs. This case was settled in October 1993 for a nominal payment.
Consolidated actions entitled Salsitz v. Phillips et al., purportedly brought as class actions on behalf of purchasers of Southmark securities during specified periods, were pending before the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas. These actions alleged violations of the federal securities laws and state laws, based upon claims of fraud, deceit and negligent misrepresentations made in connection with the sale of Southmark securities. The plaintiffs sought unspecified damages, attorneys' fees and costs. The defendants included Messrs. Phillips and Friedman, among others. Messrs. Phillips and Friedman entered into a settlement agreement with the plaintiffs, which was approved by the court in October 1993.
Messrs. Phillips and Friedman also served as directors of Pacific Standard Life Insurance Company ("PSL"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Southmark, from October 1984 to January 1989. In a proceeding brought by the California Insurance Commissioner, a California Superior Court appointed a conservator for PSL on December 11, 1989, and directed that PSL cease doing business. On October 12, 1990, the California Insurance Commissioner filed suit against Messrs. Phillips and Friedman and other former directors of PSL seeking damages of $12 million and additional punitive damages. Such lawsuit alleged, among other things, that the defendants knowingly and willfully co