nting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method of Statement 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under Statement 109, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
Effective December 26, 1992, the Company adopted Statement 109 and it has reported the cumulative effect of the change in the method of accounting for income taxes in the 1993 consolidated statement of income.
Pursuant to the deferred method under APB Opinion 11, which was applied in 1992 and prior years, deferred income taxes are recognized for income and expense items that are reported in different years for financial reporting purposes and income tax purposes using the tax rate applicable in the year of the calculation. Under the deferred method, deferred taxes are not adjusted for subsequent changes in tax rates.
(m) Research and Development Costs ------------------------------
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
(n) Foreign Currency Translation ----------------------------
The local foreign currency is the functional currency for the Company's foreign subsidiaries. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated to U.S. dollars at the current exchange rates as of the applicable balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Adjustments resulting from translation are reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity.
Certain transactions of the f