es (including mortgage-backed securities) issued, insured or guaranteed by the federal government or any agency thereof, deposits with the FHLB and, to a limited extent, real estate with readily ascertainable value in which a perfected security interest may be obtained. All long-term advances are required to provide funds for residential home financing. The FHLB of Atlanta has established standards of community service that members must meet to maintain access to long-term advances.
Fees and Assessments of the OTS - The OTS has adopted regulations to assess fees on savings institutions to fund the operations of the OTS. The regulations provide for the OTS' assessments to be made based on the total consolidated assets of a savings institution as shown on its most recent report to the agency. Troubled savings institutions (generally, those operating in conservatorship or with the lowest two (of five) supervisory subgroup ratings) are to be assessed at a rate 50% higher than similarly sized thrifts that are not experiencing problems.
Investment Activities - As a federally-chartered savings bank, BankAtlantic is subject to various restrictions and prohibitions with respect to its investment activities. These restrictions and prohibitions are set forth in the Home Owner's Loan Act ("HOLA") and in the rules of the OTS and include dollar amount limitations and procedural limitations. BankAtlantic is in compliance with these restrictions.
Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA"), a savings institution is required to provide 30 days' prior notice to the FDIC and the OTS of its desire to establish or acquire a new subsidiary or conduct any new activity through a subsidiary. The institution is also required to conduct the activities of the subsidiary in accordance with the OTS' orders and regulations. The Director of the OTS has the power to force divestiture of any subsidiary or the termination of any activity it determines is a serious threat to the safety, soundness