s a component of interest expense.
COMPETITION
The TiO2 industry is highly competitive. During the late 1980s worldwide demand approximated available supply and the major producers, including Kronos, were operating at or near available capacity. In the past few years, supply has exceeded demand, in part due to new chloride process capacity coming on-stream. Relative supply/demand relationships, which had a favorable impact on industry-wide prices during the late 1980s, have had a negative impact since prices peaked in early 1990. Worldwide capacity additions in the TiO2 market are slow to develop because of the significant capital expenditures and substantial lead time (typically three to five years in the Company's experience) for, among other things, planning, obtaining environmental approvals and construction.
Kronos competes primarily on the basis of price, product quality and technical service, and the availability of high performance pigment grades. Although certain TiO2 grades are considered specialty pigments, the majority of grades and substantially all of Kronos' production are considered commodity pigments with price generally being the most significant competitive factor. Kronos has an estimated worldwide TiO2 market share of 11%, and believes that it is the leading marketer of TiO2 in a number of countries, including Germany and Canada.
Kronos' principal competitors are E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co. ("DuPont"); Imperial Chemical Industries PLC (Tioxide); Hanson PLC (SCM Chemicals); Kemira Oy; Bayer AG; and Ishihara Sangyo Kaisha, Ltd.. These six competitors have estimated individual worldwide market shares ranging from 5% to 21%, and an estimated aggregate 65% share. DuPont has over one-half of total U.S. TiO2 production capacity and is Kronos' principal North American competitor.
Kronos has substantially completed a major environmental protection and improvement program commenced in the early 1980s to replace or modify its
- 4 - European TiO2 productio