t. Louis and San Francisco) and 13 CBS owned FM radio stations (serving the same cities named above, as well as Boston, Dallas/Fort Worth (two stations), Houston and Washington, D.C.); serves as broadcast sales representative for the CBS owned radio stations, 14 independently owned AM and 24 independently owned FM radio stations; and operates the CBS Radio Networks, which serve approximately 585 affiliated stations nationwide.
Other Activities
The CBS/FOX Company is a partnership in which CBS and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation ("Fox") each own a 50% interest. This partnership is engaged in the acquisition from unrelated third parties of the videocassette rights to feature films and other, non-theatrical product, and provides marketing activities relating to the videocassette distribution (by a subsidiary of Fox) of products produced by CBS and the partnership. It also engages in selling activities to specialized accounts of product of CBS and the partnership. The related partnership agreement expires February 28, 1997.
Radford Studio Center Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of CBS ("Radford"), owns and operates television and film production facilities at its Studio Center facility in Studio City, California. CBS, through Radford, became the sole owner of the Studio Center business and facilities in March 1992 when it acquired the 50 percent partnership interest of MTM Studios, Ltd. in The CBS/MTM Company.
Industry Segment Information
Since January 1988, CBS has operated predominantly in a single industry - -- broadcasting. Accordingly, there is no requirement for segment reporting.
Competition
The CBS Television Network and CBS owned television stations compete for audiences with other television networks and television stations, as well as with other video media, including cable television, multipoint distribution services, low power television stations, satellite television services and video cassettes. In the sale of advertisin