nerally more intense outside the Company's service areas, this competition
affects the nationwide market for natural gas. Additionally, the general economic conditions in its service areas continue to affect certain customers and market areas, thus impacting the results of the Company's operations.
GAS SUPPLY
The low cost for natural gas service is attributable to efficient operations and the Company's ability to contract for natural gas using favorable mixes of long-term and short-term supply arrangements and favorable transportation contracts. The Company has been directly acquiring its gas supplies since the mid 1980s when interstate pipeline systems opened their systems for transportation service. The Company has the organization, personnel and equipment necessary to dispatch and monitor gas volumes on a daily and even hourly basis to ensure reliable service to customers.
This experience will be of major significance in the post FERC Order 636 procurement environment. FERC Order 636 promotes the "unbundling" of services offered by interstate pipeline companies. As a result, gas purchasing and transportation decisions and associated risks now shift from the pipeline companies to the gas distributors. The increased demands on distributors to effectively manage their gas supply in an environment of volatile gas prices will provide an advantage to distribution companies such as Southern Union that have demonstrated a history of contracting favorable and efficient gas supply arrangements in an open market system.
The majority of Southern Union Gas' 1993 gas requirements for utility operations were delivered under long-term transportation contracts through five major pipeline companies. These contracts have various expiration dates ranging from 1995 through 2011. Southern Union Gas also purchases significant volumes of gas under long-term and short-term arrangements with suppliers. The amounts of such short-term purchases are contingent upon price. Southern Union Gas 