with CanWest Gas Supply, Inc. (CanWest), an aggregator for gas producers in British Columbia, Canada, entitles the Company to purchase up to approximately 960,000 therms of firm gas per day. This agreement contains a demand and commodity pricing structure and a provision for annual renegotiations of the commodity price to reflect then-prevailing market prices. The demand charges reflect the reservation of firm transportation space on the Westcoast Energy, Inc. pipeline system in British Columbia. These demand charges are subject to change as approved by the Canadian National Energy Board (NEB) in rate proceedings similar to those conducted in the United States by the FERC. Under this agreement, the Company also has the ability to purchase gas between May 1 and October 31 each year for injection into storage facilities at a commodity price, to be renegotiated annually, substantially below the commodity price for gas for current use. This contract contains a pro rata market share commitment and minimum purchase obligations.
An agreement also expiring November 1, 2003 with Amoco Canada Petroleum Company, Ltd., on terms similar to the CanWest agreement, entitles the Company to purchase up to approximately 83,300 therms of firm gas per day. This gas is aggregated from production in Alberta and the Canadian Yukon and Northwest Territories. This contract contains a pro rata market share commitment and minimum purchase obligations.
An agreement with Poco Petroleums, Ltd. (Poco), a Canadian producer, expiring September 30, 2003, entitles the Company to purchase up to 155,160 therms per day during the winter and up to 110,000 therms per day during the summer. The gas is produced in Alberta and makes use of the Company's added capacity from transportation on the PGT and ANG systems.
Two agreements expiring September 30, 2003 with Westcoast Gas Services entitle the Company to purchase up to 140,000 therms per day year-round, plus up to 92,750 therms per day of winter season sup