have significantly greater financial resources than the Company. Such competition results, in part, from the geographic concentration of competitors. All of the Company's casinos primarily compete with other casinos in their immediate geographic area and, to a lesser extent, with casinos in other locations, including Native American lands, and on cruise ships and riverboats, and with other forms of legalized gaming in the United States, including state-sponsored lotteries, off-track wagering and card parlors. Certain states have recently
legalized, and several other states are currently considering legalizing, casino gaming in specific geographic areas within those states. Legalization of large-scale, unlimited casino gaming in or near any major metropolitan area or increased gaming in other areas could have an adverse economic impact on the business of any or all of the Company's gaming facilities.
As of December 30, 1993, there were 11 casino hotel facilities operating in Atlantic City in competition with TropWorld. Presently, there is no new casino hotel supply anticipated in the Atlantic City market for the next several years.
During 1993, three major casino hotels opened in the Las Vegas market, two of which, Luxor and MGM Grand, are located adjacent to the Tropicana near the intersection of Tropicana Avenue and the Strip, which is now referred to as "The New Four Corners". Circus Circus opened its 2,500-room Luxor in October 1993. The 5,000-room MGM Grand opened in December 1993. The third casino, Mirage's 3,000-room Treasure Island, also opened in October 1993 and is located in the middle of the Strip. These newly opened casinos added a total of approximately 10,500 rooms to an existing Las Vegas market base of approximately 77,000 rooms, representing an increase of 14%. In addition, there has been a significant increase in room supply and casino space in recent years, including the opening of the 3,000-room Mirage in November 1989 and the 4,000-room Excalibu