heir sponsors via fees received for providing record keeping and shareholder services. Such compensation is ongoing, based on daily balances of customer assets invested in the participating funds and held at Schwab. These revenues are recorded as mutual fund service fees.
Fixed income investments available through Schwab include U.S. Treasuries, zero-coupon bonds, listed and OTC corporate bonds, municipal bonds, GNMAs, unit investment trusts and bond mutual funds. Schwab also makes available to its customers certificates of deposit (CDs) with specific financial institutions located in a variety of states. Schwab does not perform a credit evaluation of such institutions. Such institutions pay Schwab fees for its services in making such CDs available and in transmitting funds and performing certain accounting functions. Schwab's customers do not pay any commission or fee when they purchase CDs.
Accounts and Features. Each Schwab customer has a brokerage account through which securities may be purchased or sold. If approved for margin transactions, a customer may borrow a portion of the price of certain securities purchased through Schwab, or may sell securities short. Customers must have specific approval to trade options; as of December 31, 1993, approximately 131,000 accounts were so approved. To write uncovered options, customers must go through an additional approval process and must maintain a significantly higher level of equity in their brokerage accounts.
Because Schwab does not pay interest on cash balances in basic brokerage accounts, it provides customers with an option to have cash balances in their accounts automatically swept into money market mutual fund portfolios available through the SchwabFunds. For basic brokerage accounts opened after January 1, 1991, cash balances (that exceed specified minimum amounts) are automatically swept into the Schwab Money Market Fund unless customers elect otherwise.
A customer may receive additional services by qualify