sumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment.
Capital Requirements
The Federal Reserve Board has adopted risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding companies. As of December 31, 1993, the minimum ratio of capital to risk-adjusted assets (including certain off-balance sheet items, such as standby letters of credit) was 8%. At least half of the total capital must be comprised of common equity, retained earnings and a limited amount of perpetual preferred stock, after subtracting goodwill and certain other adjustments ("Tier 1 capital"). The remainder may consist of perpetual debt, mandatory convertible debt securities, a limited amount of subordinated debt, other preferred stock and a limited amount of loan loss reserves ("Tier 2 capital"). The maximum amount of supplementary capital elements that qualifies as Tier 2 capital is limited to 100% of Tier 1 capital net of goodwill. The Federal Reserve Board also has adopted a minimum leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to average total assets) of 3% for bank holding companies that meet certain specified criteria, including having the highest regulatory rating. The rule indicates that the minimum leverage ratio should be at least 1.0% to 2.0% higher for holding companies that do not have the highest rating or that are undertaking major expansion programs. The Corporation's national and state chartered banking subsidiaries are subject to similar risk-based and leverage capital requirements adopted by the Comptroller and the FDIC, respectively. On December 31, 1993, the Corporation had a Tier 1 capital to risk adjusted assets ratio of 12.88%, a total (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) capital ratio of 16.62%, and a leverage ratio of 9.60%.
Failure to meet the capital guidelines could subject a banking institution to a variety of enforcement remedies available to federal regulatory authorities, including the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, and the appointment of a conservator or receiver by the appropr