arriers' networks; switched access transport is one component of this process. In October 1992, the FCC released an order requiring large local exchange carriers, including the Telephone Company, to file tariffs permitting independent parties to physically collocate (i.e., locate) their equipment within local exchange carrier central offices for purposes of providing certain special access services. Local exchange carriers were also required to work out virtual collocation agreements for central offices where there is insufficient space for physical collocation. Virtual collocation involves a set of technical and pricing rules intended to position the interconnector as if its equipment were located in the central office. Tariffs were filed in February 1993, and became effective in June 1993. In November 1992, the Telephone Company joined with 11 local exchange carriers in a petition filed with the FCC to stay the physical collocation requirement, and also filed a separate petition to stay the virtual collocation requirement. After denial of the petitions, the Telephone Company and several other local exchange carriers filed an appeal with the D.C. Circuit Court. Oral arguments were presented in February 1994.
In September 1993, the FCC released an order essentially imposing the same collocation requirements for switched access transport services as for special access services. In November 1993, the Telephone Company and other local exchange carriers filed an appeal of that order as well. Switched access transport collocation tariffs were filed in November 1993, and became effective in February 1994.
State regulatory commissions are also addressing issues pertaining to CAPs. In Texas, the Texas Public Utility Commission (TPUC) was asked to determine whether CAPs must first obtain a certificate of convenience and necessity before providing certain intrastate services. In response, the TPUC adopted a change to the definition of local exchange service that would allow C