on-site. As a result of these matters and other actions prior to the acquisition, certain metals were released into the ground, and certain petroleum based compounds have seeped into the ground and groundwater at the Napa Facility.
The prior owner of the Napa Facility entered into a stipulated judgment with the County of Napa which required a site investigation of the Napa Facility and remediation (to the satisfaction of local, regional and state environmental authorities) of soil and groundwater contamination associated with activities conducted at the site prior to its acquisition by the Company. As a result of the acquisition of the Napa Facility, the Company's subsidiary, Napa Pipe Corporation, is obligated by contract to comply with the terms and requirements of the stipulated judgment. Proposed plans for investigating the soil and water conditions at the Napa Facility were submitted to local, regional and state environmental authorities in February 1988. The Company is continuing to negotiate certain terms of these proposed plans with such environmental authorities.
In addition to local, regional and state environmental authorities, the EPA conducted an investigation of the Napa Facility and has taken soil and water samples at the Napa Facility. The Company's proposed plans for investigating the soil and water conditions at the Napa Facility were furnished to the EPA in March 1988. While awaiting possible further response from the EPA, the Company is proceeding with its remediation plans as described in the preceding paragraph. In April 1992, the State of California Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Toxic Substances Control completed a Site Screening and recommended a low priority preliminary endangerment assessment for the Napa Facility.
The total cost of the remedial action that may be required to correct existing environmental problems at the Napa Facility, including remediation of contaminants in the soil and groundwater, depends on the eventu