 Security Act and not more than can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. The subsidiaries also provide partially contributory medical and life insurance plans for eligible retirees and dependents. Medical benefits, which comprise the largest component of the plans, are based upon an age and years-of-service vesting schedule and other plan provisions. The funding plan for these costs is to contribute to Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA) trust funds an amount equal to the annual cost as determined by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 106 (described below). Medical benefits are self-insured; the life insurance plan is paid through insurance premiums. The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has prescribed the determination of annual pension and other postretirement benefits expenses in SFAS No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for Pensions", and SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions", respectively. Pursuant to SFAS No. 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation", regulatory deferrals of these benefit expenses are recorded for those jurisdictions which reflect as net expense the funding of pensions and cash payment of other benefits in the ratemaking process. TEMPORARY CASH INVESTMENTS: For purposes of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, temporary cash investments with original maturities of three months or less, generally in the form of commercial paper, certificates of deposit, and repurchase agreements, are considered to be the equivalent of cash. The carrying amount of temporary cash investments approximates the fair value because of the short-term maturity of those instruments. ACCOUNTING CHANGES: Effective January 1, 1993, the subsidiaries adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions". This statement requires the costs of providing postretirement benefits, such as medical and life insurance, to be ac