tail customers, which give the System the right of first refusal to participate in any of such customers' cogeneration activities. Such participation could occur in the event there are individual customers whose long-term interests, along with Entergy's, can best be served by installing cogeneration facilities. No such participation has occurred to date, except by GSU.
Existing qualifying facilities in the GSU service territory are estimated to total approximately 2,400 MW's or over 10% of Entergy's total owned and leased generating capability as of December 31, 1993. GSU currently believes that no significant load will be lost to cogeneration projects during the next several years; however, GSU is currently negotiating a contract with a large industrial customer, which is scheduled to expire in 1996. If the contract is not renewed, GSU would lose approximately $40 million in base revenues.
Although GSU has competed in the past for various retail and wholesale customers, the System (excluding GSU) generally is not in direct competition with privately-owned or municipally-owned electric utilities for retail sales. However, a few municipalities distribute electricity within their corporate limits and some of these generate all or a portion of their requirements. A number of electric cooperative associations or corporations serve a substantial number of retail customers in or adjacent to areas served by the System . Sales of energy by the System to privately- or municipally-owned utilities amounted to approximately 4.6% of total System energy sales in 1993 (excluding GSU).
Legislatures and regulatory commissions in several states have considered, or are considering, retail wheeling, which is the transmission by an electric utility of energy produced by another entity over the utility's transmission and distribution system to a retail customer in the electric utility's service territory. Retail wheeling would permit retail customers to elect to purchase electric capacit