 of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 106 (described below). Medical benefits are self-insured; the life insurance plan is paid through insurance premiums.
The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has prescribed the determination of annual pension and other postretirement benefits expenses in SFAS No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for Pensions", and SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions", respectively. Pursuant to SFAS No. 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation", regulatory deferrals of these benefit expenses are recorded for those jurisdictions which reflect as net expense the funding of pensions and cash payment of other benefits in the ratemaking process.
TEMPORARY CASH INVESTMENTS: For purposes of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, temporary cash investments with original maturities of three months or less, generally in the form of commercial paper, certificates of deposit, and repurchase agreements, are considered to be the equivalent of cash. The carrying amount of temporary cash investments approximates the fair value because of the short-term maturity of those instruments.
ACCOUNTING CHANGES: Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Post- retirement Benefits Other Than Pensions". This statement requires the costs of providing postretirement benefits, such as medical and life insurance, to be accrued over the applicable employees' service periods. Prior to 1993, medical expenses and life insurance premiums paid for retired employees and their dependents were recorded as expense in the period they were paid. Also effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes". This standard mandated a change from the previous income-based deferral approach to a balance sheet-based liability approach for computing deferred income taxes as further described in Note B.
The total provision for income ta