nt with another financial institution. Beginning in 1993, the Bank no longer owns credit card loans.
Loans Held For Investment
The following table summarizes loans receivable portfolio held for investment at December 31, 1989 through 1993 (dollars in thousands):
Loan Origination and Purchases
The following tables sets forth loan origination and purchases for the years ended December 31, 1989 through 1993 (dollars in thousands).
Scheduled Loan Principal Repayments
The following table sets forth as of December 31, 1993 information regarding the dollar amount of loans receivable maturing in the Bank's portfolio, including assets held for sale, based on either their contractual terms to the maturity or scheduled principal amortization.
Loan Repricing
The following table sets forth certain information at December 31, 1993 regarding the dollar amount of loans receivable maturing in the Bank's portfolio, including assets held for sale, based on their scheduled principal amortization, maturity or scheduled interest-rate repricing. See Management Discussion and Analysis "Interest Rate Risk" and "GAP Table" following.
- -----------------
(a) 1993, 1992 and 1991 primarily includes loans to facilitate the sale of foreclosed real estate assets and repurchases of assets under recourse arrangements.
The following table sets forth as of December 31, 1993 the dollar amount of loans receivable in the Bank's portfolio due after December 31, 1994 categorized by either fixed interest rates or floating and adjustable interest rates.
Sales of Mortgages and MBS. While the Bank seeks adjustable-rate loans for its own portfolio, most fixed-rate loans are originated with terms that permit their sale in the secondary market. St. Paul Federal participates in secondary market activities by selling whole loans and participations in loans to FNMA, FHLMC and various other institutional investors. This practice enables the Bank to satisfy the demand for such loans in its local communities, to meet a