In 1993 the FERC initiated proceedings under Section 5 of the NGA to determine if WIC's rates approved in 1991 had become excessive. Administrative hearings were held in December of 1993, but no decision has been issued. Any decrease in rates that the FERC may ultimately require will only take effect prospectively following the issuance of a final order by the FERC that is no longer subject to rehearing by the agency.
Certain regulatory issues remain unresolved among ANR Pipeline, Colorado, WIC and ANR Storage, their customers, their suppliers, and the FERC. ANR Pipeline, Colorado, WIC and ANR Storage have made provisions which represent management's assessment of the ultimate resolution of these issues. While these companies estimate the provisions to be adequate to cover potential adverse rulings on these and other issues, they cannot estimate when each of these issues will be resolved.
OTHER DEVELOPMENTS
The Empire State Pipeline Project, in which an affiliate of ANR Pipeline has a 45% interest and ANR Pipeline is the operator, was placed in service on November 1, 1993. The 156-mile pipeline system, extending from Niagara Falls to Syracuse, New York, will carry up to 570 MMcf per day to western and central New York and provide ANR Pipeline access to markets in the Northeastern United States.
In August 1993, ANR Pipeline and Arkla, Inc. ("Arkla") announced execution of a restructured agreement under which ANR Pipeline will purchase an ownership interest in 250 MMcf per day of capacity in existing natural gas transmission facilities from Arkla. The restructured agreement resolved certain conditions imposed by the FERC in its October 1, 1992 authorization of the original purchase and sale agreement. As restructured, ANR Pipeline will own capacity interests in facilities valued at approximately $90 million, subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals. The reduction in value of the facilities from the original purchase and sale agreement is the result of n