enture partner was required to contribute any excess of cost over the aggregate amount available from Partnership contributions and financing. To the extent such funds exceed the aggregate costs, the venture partner was entitled to retain such excesses. The venture properties have been financed under various long-term debt arrangements as described in note 4.
The Partnership generally has a cumulative preferred interest in net cash receipts (as defined) from the properties. Such preferential interest relates to a negotiated rate of return on contributions made by the Partnership. After the Partnership receives its preferential return, the venture partner is generally entitled to a non-cumulative return on its interest in the venture; additional net cash receipts are generally shared in a ratio relating to the
CARLYLE REAL ESTATE LIMITED PARTNERSHI
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
various ownership interests of the Partnership and its venture partners. During 1993, 1992 and 1991, three, four and four, respectively, of the ventures' properties produced net cash receipts. The Partnership also has preferred positions (related to the Partnership's cash investment in the ventures) with respect to distribution of net sale or refinancing proceeds from the ventures.
In general, operating profits and losses are shared in the same ratio as net cash receipts; however, if there are no net cash receipts, substantially all profits or losses are allocated to the Partnership. In addition, generally amounts equal to certain expenses paid from capital contributions by the Partnership or venture partners are allocated to the contributing partner or partners.
(i) Boatmen's
During 1989 the joint venture defaulted on the mortgage loan secured by the property, and the lender obtained title to the property. As a result, the Partnership has no further ownership interest in the property.
On May 31, 1990, the Partnership entered into an agreement with the joint venture pa