hip's remaining interest in the joint venture. In January 1993, the Partnership sold its remaining interest in accordance with the terms of the option. Reference is made to Note 7.
Wells Fargo Center
The Wells Fargo Center operates in the Downtown Los Angeles office market, which has become extremely competitive over the last several years with the addition of several new buildings that has resulted in a high vacancy rate of approximately 25% in the marketplace. In 1992, two major law firm tenants occupying approximately 11% of the building's space approached the joint venture indicating that they were experiencing financial difficulties and desired to give back a portion of their leased space in lieu of ceasing business altogether. The joint venture reached agreements which resulted in a reduction of the space leased by each of these tenants. The Partnership is also aware that a major tenant, IBM, leasing approximately 58% of the tenant space in the Wells Fargo Building is sub-leasing or attempting to sub-lease approximately one-fourth of its space, which is scheduled to expire in December 1998. The Partnership expects that the competitive market conditions will have an adverse affect on the building through lower effective rental rates achieved on releasing of existing tenant space which expires or is given back over the next several years. The property operated at deficits in 1992 and 1993 due to rental concessions granted to facilitate leasing of space taken back from the two tenants noted above and the expansion of one of the other major tenants in the building. The property is expected to produce cash flow in 1994. The mortgage note secured by the property, as well as the promissory note secured by the Partnership's interest in the joint venture are scheduled to mature in December 1994. The promissory note secured by the Partnership's interest in the joint venture is classified at December 31, 1993 as a current liability in the accompanying consolidated financ