sumed rates, including the rate of return on pension plan assets, will result in additional increases or decreases in accrued pension liabilities, pension expense and funding requirements in future periods.
The components of the net periodic defined benefit pension cost are set forth below.
Incentive bonus programs
The Company has incentive bonus programs for certain employees providing for annual payments, which may be in the form of NL common stock, based on formulas involving the profitability of Kronos and Rheox in relation to the annual operating plan of the employee's business unit and individual performance.
Postretirement benefits other than pensions
In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company currently provides certain health care and life insurance benefits for eligible retired employees. Certain of the Company's U.S. and Canadian employees may become eligible for such postretirement health care and life insurance benefits if they reach retirement age while working for the Company. In 1989, the Company began phasing out such benefits for currently active U.S. employees over a ten-year period. The majority of all retirees are required to contribute a portion of the cost of their benefits and certain current and future retirees are eligible for reduced health care benefits at age 65. The Company's policy is to fund medical claims as they are incurred, net of any contributions by the retirees. Effective January 1, 1993, the Company's postretirement medical plans were revised to, among other things, increase the deductible and maximum out-of-pocket amounts, increase the retiree copayment percentage and pass on future cost increases to the participants through increased contributions or decreased reimbursements.
The rates used in determining the actuarial present value of the accumulated benefit obligations were (i) discount rate - 7% (1992 - 7.75%), (ii) rate of increase in future compensation levels - 4% (1992 - 5%), (iii) rate of increase in futur