 to the plaintiffs who have opted out of the class and with respect to indemnity and contribution claims. There is one other case seeking recovery for response costs and natural resource damages: State of California, et al, vs. Southern Pacific, et al, filed in the Eastern District of California (CIV-S-92 1117). All other actions have been consolidated with these two cases. GATC also has been named as a potentially responsible party by the State of California with respect to the assessment and remediation of possible damages to natural resources which claim has also been consolidated in the suit in the Eastern District of California. GATC has entered into provisional settlement agreements with the United States of America, the state of California, Southern Pacific and certain other defendents settling all material claims arising out of the above incident in an amount not material to GATC. Such settlement, however, is conditional on further court action. It is the opinion of management that if damages are assessed and taking into consideration the probable insurance recovery, this matter will not have a material effect on GATC's consolidated financial position or results of operations.
Various lawsuits have been filed in the Superior Court for the State of California and served upon Terminals, Calnev Pipe Line Company, or another GATX subsidiary seeking an unspecified amount of damages arising out of the May 1989 explosion in San Bernardino, California. Those suits, all of which were filed in the County of San Bernardino unless otherwise indicated, are: Aguilar, et al, v. Calnev Pipe Line Company, et al, filed February 1990 in the County of Los Angeles (No. 0751026); Alba, et al, v. Southern Pacific Railroad Co., et al, filed November 1989 (No. 252842); Terry, et al, v. Southern Pacific Transportation Corporation, et al, filed December 1989 (No. 253603) and settled February 1994; Terry, et al, v. Southern Pacific, et al, filed December 1989 (No. 253604); Charles, et 