letters of credit. As of December 31, 1993, UAL and United had jointly guaranteed $35 million of such bonds and United had guaranteed $841 million of such bonds, including accrued interest. Included in this amount are bonds issued by the City of Denver in connection with the construction of certain United facilities at Denver International Airport, which will replace Stapleton International Airport ("Stapleton"). Denver has agreed to retire the outstanding special facility revenue bonds related to United's Stapleton facilities. The new airport is expected to open in 1994.
Transfers of the tax benefits of accelerated depreciation and investment tax credits associated with the acquisition of certain equipment have been made previously by United to various tax lessors through tax lease transactions. Proceeds from tax benefit transfers were recognized as income in the year the lease transactions were consummated. The subject equipment is being depreciated for book purposes. United has agreed to indemnify (guaranteed in some cases by UAL) the tax lessors against loss of such benefits in certain circumstances and has agreed to indemnify others for loss of tax benefits in limited circumstances for certain used aircraft purchased by United subject to previous tax lease transactions. Certain tax lessors have required that letters of credit be issued in their favor by financial institutions as security for United's indemnity obligations under the leases. The outstanding balance of such letters of credit totaled $68 million at December 31, 1993. At that date, United had granted mortgages on aircraft and engines having a total book value of $252 million as security for indemnity obligations under tax leases and letters of credit.
United is in the process of constructing a maintenance facility in Indianapolis, which begins operation in 1994. The facility is being financed primarily with tax-exempt bonds and other capital sources. In connection with incentives received, United ha