ternational markets is subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation (see "Government Regulation"), and in certain instances United's foreign competitors enjoy subsidies and other forms of governmental support which are not available to U.S. carriers.
United and other U.S. carriers have certain advantages over foreign air carriers in their ability to generate U.S.-origin- destination traffic from their integrated domestic route systems. However, the U.S. carriers are in many cases constrained from carrying passengers to points beyond designated gateway cities in foreign countries due to limitations in the bilateral air service agreements with such countries or restrictions imposed unilaterally by the foreign governments. To the extent that foreign competitors can offer more connecting services to points beyond these gateway cities, they have an advantage in attracting traffic moving between these foreign points and in attracting traffic moving between such cities and points in the United States. Also, several foreign air carriers have sought and obtained access to the U.S. domestic market through substantial equity investments and code sharing arrangements with U.S. airlines. The comprehensive marketing agreement signed in 1993 with Germany's flag carrier, Lufthansa, if approved, is also expected to enhance the Company's competitive position in international markets.
No material part of the business of United and its subsidiaries is dependent upon a single customer or very few customers. Consequently, the loss of the few largest customers of United would not have a material adverse effect on the Company.
Airport Access. United's operations at its principal domestic hub, Chicago-O'Hare International Airport ("O'Hare"), as well as at three other airports, Kennedy, New York LaGuardia ("LaGuardia"), and Washington National ("National"), are limited by the "high density traffic airports rule" administered by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA"). Under this