able presents a three-year comparison of revenues by principal operations. Prior year amounts have been reclassified to reflect the transfer of a subsidiary from the RS Division to the HVP Division.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
RS' revenues depend on four primary segments of household goods' transportation: corporate national accounts, interstate C.O.D. movements, military and international relocations. RS' 1993 revenues were even with 1992, and increased 1% in 1992, compared with 1991. Revenues in 1993 were adversely affected by a decline in domestic military volume and fewer Canadian shipments. These decreases were offset largely by a modest rate increase and gains in the international household relocation segment. The increase in 1992 revenues was due to modest rate increases and some improvement in domestic household goods shipments. The continued downsizing of U.S. corporations and changes in policy relative to military staffing levels are likely to result in ongoing pressure on this division's operating revenues. HVP's main line of business is transporting office products and other sensitive equipment, as well as exhibits and displays. The division also is capitalizing on its specialized handling expertise to generate new revenues in the Customized Logistics Services (CLS) segment. HVP's revenues increased 8% in 1993, compared with 1992, and in 1992, compared with 1991. The increase in 1993 was due to the award of a significant logistics contract by IBM, and also to the expansion of air freight services into several new markets. The increase in 1992 was the result of additional interstate transportation activity reflecting some improvement in the demand for office products and an increase in revenues from European subsidiary operations. HVP may benefit from a continued increase in demand for office products; however, a trend toward smaller shipment sizes will