racteristics of the portfolio, particularly with respect to revenue generating potential and asset quality, and identifies and quantifies legitimate opportunities to add value through price changes, more efficient servicing, improved collections, and credit line management. The Company also applies traditional financial analysis techniques to evaluate financial returns in relation to the proposed investment.
The bankcard business is a highly competitive and fragmented industry currently in the process of consolidation. The Company believes that its relatively large size in the industry provides substantial competitive advantages over smaller credit card issuers through reduced operating expense ratios. The Company's focus is to develop a nationally diverse customer franchise that contains three to four hubs of concentration while employing value-based pricing. These hubs are expected to promote operating and marketing efficiencies without creating overdependence on a single geographic area that would potentially expose the Company to regional credit risk and usage patterns. Currently, the Company's largest account base is in California supplemented by significant hubs in the Midwest and on the East coast.
International Operations
International operations in Canada, the United Kingdom and Australia accounted for approximately 18 percent of the Finance and Banking owned receivables at December 31, 1993. In Canada, the Company operates consumer finance, private-label credit card and consumer banking operations similar to its businesses in the United States. With 30 offices at December 31, 1993, the Canadian consumer finance business operates under the HFC tradename. The Canadian consumer banking business, with 12 branches, operates as Household Trust Company. At December 31, 1993, the Canadian operations had $1.9 billion of receivables. In the United Kingdom, the Company owns HFC Bank plc, a fully licensed United Kingdom bank. HFC Bank plc had 150 branches at December 