forceability of gaming debts; manufacture, distribution and sale of gaming equipment; security standards, management control procedures, accounting and cash control methods and reports to gaming authorities; advertising of casinos and standards for entertainment and distribution of alcoholic beverages in casinos. A number of these provisions require practices which are different from those in Nevada and some of them result in casino operating costs being higher than those in comparable facilities in Nevada.
The New Jersey Act also established the New Jersey Division to investigate all license applications, enforce the provisions of the New Jersey Act and attendant regulations and prosecute all proceedings for violations of the New Jersey Act and regulations before the New Jersey Commission. The New Jersey Division also conducts audits and continuing reviews of all casino operations.
Licensing.
Adamar of New Jersey, Inc. ("Adamar"), the Company's New Jersey gaming subsidiary, has been licensed (subject to biennial renewal) by the New
Jersey Commission to operate TropWorld. In November 1982, the New Jersey Commission granted a plenary license to Adamar. In November 1993, the license was renewed for a period of two years. The Company and Ramada New Jersey Holdings Corporation ("Holdings"), another of the Company's New Jersey gaming subsidiaries, have been approved as qualified holding companies for Adamar's casino license. Officers and directors of the Company and Adamar and employees who work at casino hotel facilities operated by Adamar also have been or must be approved or licensed. In addition, all contracts affecting the facilities have been or must be approved, and all enterprises that conduct business with Adamar must register with the New Jersey Commission and those enterprises that conduct gaming related businesses or that conduct business on a regular and continuing basis, as defined by the regulations under the New Jersey Act, must be licensed by the New Jer