bution of natural gas which is regulated by the Oregon Public Utility Commission (OPUC) and the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission (WUTC). Accounting records and practices conform to the requirements and uniform system of accounts prescribed by these regulatory authorities.
Utility Plant - -------------
Utility plant for Northwest Natural is stated at original cost. When a depreciable unit of property is retired, the cost is credited to utility plant and debited to the accumulated provision for depreciation together with the cost of removal, less any salvage. No gain or loss is recognized upon normal retirement.
Allowance for Funds Used During Construction (AFUDC), a non- cash item, is calculated using actual commercial paper interest rates. If commercial paper balances are insufficient to finance the amount of work in progress, a
NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - ----------------------------------------------------------------
composite of interest costs of debt, shown as a reduction to interest charges, and a return on equity funds, shown as other income, is used to compute AFUDC. This amount is added to utility plant which is a component of rate base. While cash is not realized currently from AFUDC, it is realized in the ratemaking process over the service life of the related property through increased revenues resulting from higher rate base and higher depreciation expense. The Company's weighted average AFUDC rates for 1993 and 1992 were 3.5 percent and 4.5 percent, respectively. No AFUDC was recorded in 1991.
Northwest Natural's provision for depreciation of utility property, which is computed under the straight-line, age-life method in accordance with independent engineering studies and as approved by regulatory authorities, approximated 4.1 percent of average depreciable plant in 1993, 4.0 percent for 1992 and 4.2 percent for 1991.
Regulatory Balancing Accounts - -----------------------------
Regulator