r the most restrictive of such provisions, the Company must maintain certain minimum consolidated net worth levels and the Company is prohibited from declaring or paying cash dividends through at least March 31, 1995.
The Make-Whole Notes were issued to the Company by one of its senior lenders during 1993 in connection with the reduction of debt owed to that senior lender. The notes require interest payments of 2% over prime payable quarterly on the last day of March, June, September and December. The principal amounts are due on December 31, 1996.
Based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company for bank loans with similar terms and maturities, the carrying values of the senior notes and the Make-Whole Notes are estimated to approximate the fair values.
As a result of the loss for the fourth quarter of 1993, the Company was not in compliance with several of the financial covenants under its senior credit facilities. It has subsequently received waivers of such defaults and amendments to these agreements from its senior lenders.
Moreover, in February, 1994 the Company obtained the consent of its 12.25% Senior Subordinated Debenture holders to amend the indenture governing these debentures and permit the Company to incur up to $35 million indebtedness (including letters of credit and foreign borrowings) above the level outstanding at year-end 1993. The foregoing waivers, amendments, and consent should give the Company sufficient financial flexibility to meet its financial commitments until such time as its recently announced plans to sell the Electro- Optical Systems business are completed.
Bank, advisory and legal fees associated with the restructuring amounted to approximately $8.0 million payable in 1993. In addition, 200,000 warrants for the Company's common stock, valued at approximately $.4 million, were issued to one senior lender and, as part of the $125 million repayment plan, the Company has recognized a charge in 1993 of approximately $12 millio