s set forth on Exhibit A hereto.
13. New General Partner.
A. All the Partners may agree in writing from time to time to admit to the Partnership one or more new General Partners. The General Partner may, on behalf of all Partners, cause Exhibit A hereto and the Partnership's Certificate of Limited Partnership to be appropriately amended and cause the same to be recorded in the event of each such appointment. No such addition or substitution of a new General Partner shall work a dissolution of the Partnership or otherwise affect the continuity of the Partnership.
B. The death, resignation, withdrawal, bankruptcy, incompetence or legal incapacity of a General Partner shall not cause a dissolution of the Partnership (unless such General Partner is the last remaining General Partner) but the rights of such former General Partner or his personal representative, or other successor, to share in the profits or losses in the Partnership, to receive distributions from the Partnership and otherwise to receive the benefit of his interest in the Partnership shall be treated as if such former General Partner or his personal representative or other successor had received his interest in the Partnership from a Limited Partner, and, with the consent of the General Partner, such former General Partner or his personal representative or other successor shall become a Limited Partner in the Partnership being deemed to have made the same capital contribution to the Partnership as such former General Partner, and this Agreement and the Certificate of Limited Partnership shall be amended to reflect the capital contribution deemed made by such person or successor as a Limited Partner, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any such General Partner, or the estate of a deceased General Partner, shall remain liable for all debts and obligations of such General Partner prior to the date of death, withdrawal or removal.
14. Notices: Amendment.
A. Any notice which a Partner is req