e ratios for years prior to the year ended March 31, 1992 is not available.
Loan-to-value ratios for income property non-accrual loans are based on 1993 appraisals and current loan balances. At December 31, 1993 and 1992, all of the income property non-accrual loans were in the 85-90% category. At March 31, 1992, all of the income property non-accrual loans were in the 80-85% category.
Non-accrual loans are discussed further in Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
Delinquent Loans. While non-accrual loans are generally loans which are more than ninety days past due, delinquent loans are all loans more than thirty days past due, including non-accrual loans. The following table presents the principal amount of the Association's delinquencies by loan types at the dates indicated:
The following table presents the principal amount of the Association's loan delinquencies and delinquency ratios by state as of the dates indicated:
- -------- * State-by-state information is not available for certain purchased loans serviced by others which were 30-59 days delinquent at the dates indicated. These loans, which are included in "other" loans, totaled $9.4 million, $11.7 million, and $17.2 million at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and March 31, 1992, respectively.
Real Estate and Other Assets Acquired in Settlement of Loans. REO results when property collateralizing a loan is foreclosed upon or otherwise acquired in satisfaction of the loan. REO is recorded by the Association at the lower of the recorded investment in the loan or fair value less estimated costs to sell.
When a borrower fails to make required payments on a loan and does not cure the delinquency promptly, the Association takes the steps required under applicable law to foreclose upon the property collateralizing the loan. If a delinquency is not cured, the property is generally acquired by the Association in a foreclosure sale or by taking a deed in lieu of