f potentially troubled loans. In addition, credit review creates reports on geographic and other concentrations on a bi-monthly basis, reviews all multi-family credits for upgrade and downgrade, develops "early warning systems" to identify credits for downgrade prior to the normal review cycle and develops profiles of potentially troubled loans.
Management has integrated the regulatory classification system for problem assets, which requires that such assets be classified as "substandard," "doubtful" or "loss" into its credit rating system. The Bank believes the credit rating system results in loan classifications consistent with applicable regulatory standards. Under the regulations, an asset is considered "substandard" if inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. Assets will also be classified "substandard" if characterized by the "distinct possibility" that the insured institution will sustain "some loss" if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets so classified must have a well defined weakness or weaknesses. Assets classified as "doubtful" have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified "substandard" with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make "collection or liquidation in full," on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, "highly questionable and improbable." Assets classified "loss" are those considered "uncollectible" and of such little value that their continuance as assets is not warranted. The Bank charges-off or provides a specific valuation allowance to assets classified as loss. See "Credit" in "Management's Discussion and Analysis" contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
The Bank's credit review function also evaluates off-balance sheet credit risk using the Bank's credit rating system and the Bank includes these credits in its loss reserve methodology.
At December 31, 1993 the Bank ha