 for such Euro-Dollar-Based Advance as provided in this Section 2.5).
Section 2.6. Prepayment of Advances.
(a) The Borrower may prepay the Prime-Based Advances in whole or in part at any time or from time to time by paying the principal amount to be prepaid plus accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment.
(b) The Borrower may prepay the Euro-Dollar-Based Advances in whole or in part at any time or from time by paying the principal amount to be prepaid plus accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment; provided, however, that the Borrower shall reimburse the Bank on demand in accordance with Section 2.11 for any actual loss or reasonable expense incurred by the Bank as a result of the Borrower's repayment of a Euro-Dollar-Based Advance other than on the last day of the applicable Interest Period.
(c) If on any date the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Advances outstanding on such date exceeds $15,000,000, the Borrower shall immediately prepay the Advances in an amount equal to such excess.
Section 2.7. Late Charges. If the Borrower fails to make any payment of interest on the Advances, or fails to pay any fee or other amount due with respect to the Advances, within 10 Business Days after the date such payment was due, the Borrower shall pay to the Bank on demand a late charge equal to 5.00% of the amount of such payment. If the Borrower has not received, on or before the last day of any calendar month, a statement from the Bank setting forth the interest then due with respect to the Advances, the
Borrower shall estimate the amount of such interest in good faith and shall pay such amount to the Bank (and the Borrower shall not incur a late charge if such amount is paid within 10 Business Days after the date such interest payment was due). If the Borrower thereafter receives a statement from the Bank setting forth the interest then due with respect to the Advances and the amount of such interest exceeds the estimated payment made by the Borrower, the 