he WUTC. The plan discusses potential growth in gas demand and describes a range of possible future supply-side and demand-side resource options to meet the demand. The plan forecasts growth in peak day load averaging 2.9 percent per year from 1993 to 2002, 2.3 percent from 1993 to 2012 and 2 percent from 1993 to 2022. The long-term resources available to meet this growth include the interstate pipelines, storage, conservation and long-term industrial contracts with provisions for the recall of released pipeline capacity and gas supplies. An updated Least Cost Plan will be filed in mid-1994 in Oregon and then in Washington.
Competition and Marketing - -------------------------
Although the Company has no direct competition in the territory it serves from other natural gas utility distributors, it competes with NPC to serve large industrial customers; with oil and, to a lesser extent, electricity, for industrial uses; with oil, electricity and wood for residential use; and with oil and electricity for commercial uses. Competition among these forms of energy is based on price, quality of service, efficiency and performance. In 1993, the Company maintained its competitive price advantage over electricity and approximate price parity with fuel oil in both the residential and commercial markets. Throughout 1993, natural gas rates continued to be substantially lower than rates for electricity provided by the investor-owned utilities which serve approximately 75 percent of the homes in the Company's Oregon service area. The Company believes that this rate advantage will continue for the foreseeable future. As a result of substantial price increases in recent years by the Bonneville Power Administration, the wholesale supplier of much of the electricity sold by publicly-owned electric utilities in the Pacific Northwest, natural gas for home heating also is more competitive with electricity provided by public utility districts.
During 1993, the Company provided gas for space