inancial statements have not been adjusted and are based on SFAS No. 96.
SFAS 109 requires a change from the deferred method of accounting for income taxes to the asset and liability method. Under the new method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applicable to those years in which the temporary differences between financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted.
Under the deferred method of accounting for income taxes which was applied in 1992 and prior years, deferred income taxes applicable to each year's net temporary differences were provided based on the tax rates in effect during that year and no adjustments were made to the deferred income tax liability amounts for subsequent changes in tax rates.
Dutch investment incentive premiums (WIR) are credited to foreign income tax in the year in which they are claimed. CLAM incurred WIR premium expense of $60,331 and $371,771 in 1993 and 1992, respectively.
Details of federal and foreign income taxes (in thousands of U.S. dollars) are as follows:
Total income tax expense differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. Federal income tax rate of 35 and 34 percent for 1993 and 1992, respectively, to income before income taxes of CLAM as a result of the following (in thousands of U.S. dollars):
Temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 1993 and 1992 relate to the following (in thousands of U.S. dollars):
T