ch amounts are less than 1% of total net sales and service revenues.
DRESSER-RAND COMPANY (A PARTNERSHIP)
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
* * * * *
SEPTEMBER 30, 1992 AND 1991
DRESSER-RAND COMPANY
DRESSER-RAND COMPANY
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS - ------------------------------------------------------------ Dollars in millions
DRESSER-RAND ------------ OPERATIONS REVIEW
Dresser-Rand reported revenues of $1.3 billion in 1992, up slightly from 1991. The 1992 earnings before taxes and extraordinary item of $93.5 million were essentially flat to the prior year. Earnings before tax reflect a 7.2% return on sales.
Bookings in 1992 of $1.3 billion were the same as last year. The larger projects were received in Europe and the Middle East. Dresser-Rand also booked a large compression services contract in Venezuela with Maraven to be performed over 1993-94. Backlog at year-end was $1.1 billion.
Turbo products bookings activity, while down from the record year in 1991, included orders for gas processing and transmission applications in Abu Dhabi, the North Sea and Czechoslovakia. Other applications involved the upgrading of refineries for reformulated gasoline requirements. Turbo was also successful on several oil production projects in the Americas. Turbo Division has enhanced its competitive position with Memorandums of Understanding with European Gas Turbines Ltd. for the joint marketing of gas turbine driven compressor packages, and with MAN/GHH for the manufacturing and marketing of axial flow compressors.
The Engine Process Compressor Division benefitted from an overall increase in the worldwide market for motor driven process reciprocating compressors. The European markets were particularly strong, while the North American market softened in the last half of the year. Domestic gas price recovery has shown improvement in the compression services segments. In 1993, we see increased natural gas production as an opportunity for the reciprocating product and continued impact of 