poses.
Marjory Meador, Shirley B. Daniels, Robert A. and Ruby L. Avans, and Dr. and Mrs. Czerny, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, Plaintiffs, vs. BFC Financial Corporation; BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank; Alan B. Levan; I.R.E. Advisors Series 21, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 23, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 24, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 25, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 27, Corp.; I.R.E. Income Advisors Corp.; and First Equity Corporation of Florida; Defendants, in the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit in and for Broward County, Florida, Case No. 91- 29892 (CA-17). This action was filed as a class action during October 1991 and is brought on behalf of all persons who were limited partners in (a) I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 21, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 23, or I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. -Series 24 on the effective date of the 1989 Exchange Transaction not otherwise included in the action by limited partners who voted against the Exchange; or (b) were limited partners in I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 25, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 27 or I.R.E. Real Estate Income Fund, Ltd. on the effective dates of the 1991 Exchange Transactions. The action alleges breach of the limited partnership agreements, breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty by BFC Financial Corporation and BankAtlantic, and negligent misrepresentation by all defendants. The action seeks damages in an unstated amount, imposition of a constructive trust on the assets of the exchanging partnerships, attorney's fees, costs and such other relief as the courts may deem appropriate. Plaintiffs have voluntarily dismissed all claims which arose out of or related to the 1991 Exchange.
Shirley B. Daniels, Robert S. and Ruby L. Avans, and Dr. and Mrs. Czerny, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, Plaintiffs, vs. BFC Financial Corporation; BankAtlantic, A Federal S