 regulations. During the last five years, expenditures for environmental control facilities and environmental remediation projects at the Company's operating facilities in the United States have not been a major portion of annual capital outlays and are not expected to be material in 1994.
The Company or its subsidiaries have been identified as potentially responsible parties ("PRPs") pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended or similar state laws, at a number of waste disposal sites. Under such laws, PRPs typically are jointly and severally liable for any investigation and remediation costs incurred with respect to such sites. The Company's ultimate responsibility, therefore, could be greater than the share of waste contributed by the Company would otherwise indicate.
While the Company is unable at this time to determine the aggregate cost of remediation at these sites or the Company's ultimate liability with respect thereto, the Company has attempted to analyze its proportionate and actual liability by analyzing the amounts of hazardous materials contributed by the Company to such sites, the estimated costs, the number and identities of other PRPs and the level of insurance coverage.
The Company has entered into administrative agreements at certain of these sites to perform remedial actions. Onan Corporation, a subsidiary of the Company, has entered into an administrative agreement to participate in remediation of the Waste Disposal Engineering landfill in Andover, Minnesota, along with 28 other PRPs. The cost of remediation at this site is estimated to range from $10 million to $15 million, of which Onan expects to contribute approximately $600,000, which has been reserved fully. The parties to the remediation agreement are in the process of seeking contributions from third parties, which may reduce Onan's proportionate share of the remediation costs. Onan also has entered into an administrative agre