rence between an institutions' "measured exposure" and a "normal" level of exposure.
An institution's interest rate risk exposure will be measured in terms of the sensitivity of its net portfolio value (NPV) to changes in interest rates. The OTS will calculate changes in an institution's NPV based on financial data submitted by the institution in its quarterly reports.
An institution's "Measured Interest Rate Risk" (Measured IRR) will be expressed as the change that occurs in its NPV as a result of a hypothetical 200 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates (whichever leads to the lower NPV) divided by the estimated economic value (Present value) of its assets. An institution with a "normal" level of interest rate risk is defined as one whose Measured IRR is less than 2 percent, as estimated by the OTS Model. Only institutions whose Measured IRR exceed 2 percent will be required to maintain an IRR component. Based on Equity Bank's current levels of liquid assets and regulatory capital, management does not expect Equity Bank's interest rate risk component to have a material adverse effect on Equity Bank's regulatory capital level or its compliance with regulatory capital requirements, although there can be no assurance to this effect.
Liquidity - The liquidity of Equity Bank has consistently been significantly in excess of regulatory liquidity requirements. Cash is normally invested in Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") overnight deposits that earn a floating rate of interest. Equity Bank's cash and liquidity are monitored on a daily basis. A comparison of the required liquidity and actual liquidity is also performed on a daily basis.
Additionally, Equity Bank, as an insured institution, is required to maintain cash and eligible liquid investments equal to at least 5% of net withdrawable deposits accounts and short term borrowings. Equity Bank's liquidity ratio, so calculated was 8.04% at December 31, 1993. For liquidity purposes, Equity Bank's mortgage-backed