at several mines served by NS. Domestic coal was essentially flat, compared with 1992, although the market for utility coals increased slightly because of the hot weather in our service region and continued spot tonnage purchases. Increased shipments to steel producers were attributed to strike-related problems encountered by suppliers served by other carriers; the industrial market stayed even with the previous year.
MERCHANDISE RAIL TRAFFIC - The merchandise traffic group consists of Intermodal and five major commodity groupings (Paper/Forest; Chemicals; Automotive; Agriculture; and Metals/Construction). Total NS railroad merchandise revenues increased in 1993 to $2.41 billion, a 2 percent increase over 1992. Railroad merchandise carloads handled in 1993 were 2.82 million, compared with 2.66 million handled in 1992, an increase of 6 percent.
Intermodal results reflect the effect of the formation, in April 1993, of Triple Crown Services Company (TCSC), a partnership between NS and Conrail subsidiaries (see also page 8). This partnership provides RoadRailer(RT) and domestic container services previously offered by a wholly owned NS subsidiary. Because NS owns only 50 percent of TCSC, its revenues are not consolidated, and NS' 1993 intermodal revenues include only revenues for rail service provided by NS to the partnership. Excluding this partnership effect, intermodal revenues would have increased 10 percent, and merchandise revenues would have increased 5 percent.
In 1993, 97.8 million tons of merchandise freight, or approximately 68 percent of total rail merchandise tonnage handled by NS, originated on line. The balance of NS' railroad merchandise traffic was received from connecting carriers (mostly railroads, with some intermodal, water and highway as well), usually at interterritorial gateways. The principal interchange points for NS- received traffic included Chicago, Memphis, New Orleans, Cincinnati, Kansas City, Detroit, Hagerstown, St. Louis/East St. Louis,