ry remedial work, and pay for oversight of such work. Although Registrant's share of such costs has not been finally determined among the parties, it is estimated that Registrant's future allocation will be approximately $180,000 payable over the next eight to ten years. Such amount, if ultimately assessed and paid, would not be material to the business of the Registrant.
The Registrant is a third party defendant in two federal court actions in the State of New Jersey involving the Helen Kramer Landfill site in Mantua Township, New Jersey. It is alleged that the Registrant's wastes were shipped to the site from 1968 to 1971 and that two loads of municipal solid waste were sent to the site in 1981. In September, 1988 EPA estimated the chosen remedy to have a present worth cost of approximately $44 million. Actual costs have been higher; press releases issued in January, 1993 indicated costs were in the range of $90-100 million. However, in overall settlement discussions, EPA and New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection have demanded over $200 million to end the litigation. The defendants and third-party defendants await documentation of this later sum. If remedial costs exceed $100 million, the
Registrant's allocation may exceed $100,000; however, such allocation is speculative and would most likely not materially affect the Registrant's financial condition or results of operations. Presently, no allocation of costs has been determined among the PRPs, and the Registrant's ultimate allocation is still speculative.
ITEM 4
ITEM 4 - SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
No matters were submitted to a vote of the Registrant's security holders through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year to which this report relates.
PART II
ITEM 5
ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SECURITY HOLDER MATTERS
Pursuant to General Instruction G(2) to Form 10-K, in response to Item 5, Registrant he