ber 31, 1993, of up to $314 million could be required based on the PUCT's ultimate ruling.
In prior proceedings, the PUCT has held that the original cost of nuclear power plants will be included in rates to the extent those costs were prudently incurred. Based upon the PUCT's prior decisions, management believes that its River Bend construction costs were prudently incurred and that it is reasonably possible that it will recover in rate base, or otherwise through means such as a deregulated asset plan, all or substantially all of the abeyed River Bend plant costs. However, management also recognizes that it is reasonably possible that not all of the abeyed River Bend plant costs may ultimately be recovered.
As part of its direct case in the Separate Rate Case, GSU filed a cost reconciliation study prepared by Sandlin Associates, management consultants with expertise in the cost analysis of nuclear power plants, which supports the reasonableness of the River Bend costs held in abeyance by the PUCT. This reconciliation study determined that approximately 82% of the River Bend cost increase above the amount included by the PUCT in rate base was a result of changes in federal nuclear safety requirements and provided other support for the remainder of the abeyed amounts.
There have been four other rate proceedings in Texas involving nuclear power plants. Investment in the plants ultimately disallowed ranged from 0% to 15%. Each case was unique, and the disallowances in each were made on a case-by-case basis for different reasons. Appeals of most, if not all, of these PUCT decisions are currently pending.
The following factors support management's position that a loss contingency requiring accrual has not occurred, and its belief that all, or substantially all, of the abeyed plant costs will ultimately be recovered:
1. The $1.4 billion of abeyed River Bend plant costs have never been ruled imprudent and disallowed by the PUCT. 2. Sandlin Associates' analysis which support