ardware and software products. . The recently created SYSTEM INTEGRATOR division supports large system and network integrators who require specialized programs and services.
CONSUMER CHANNEL. . The CONSUMER PRODUCTS division targets mass merchants such as Circuit City, Montgomery Ward and Office Depot by providing inventory selection and control services, specialized marketing programs and other support services tailored to the needs of mass-market merchandisers.
For each of the Company's international subsidiaries, the number and type of specialized sales divisions vary based on market requirements, the size of the subsidiary's sales force and the products carried by the subsidiary.
The Company's sales force is comprised of field sales representatives who manage relations with the larger accounts and inside telemarketing sales representatives who receive product orders and answer customer inquiries. When a customer calls Merisel, screen synchronization technology causes a sales profile to appear on the sales representative's computer screen before greetings are exchanged. Customer orders generally are placed via a toll-free telephone call to Merisel's inside sales representatives and are entered on Merisel's SalesNet order entry system, a proprietary local area network created by Merisel to speed the process of taking and processing orders. Using the SalesNet database, sales representatives can immediately enter customer orders, obtain descriptive information regarding products, check inventory status, determine customer credit availability and obtain special pricing and promotion information. Merisel also offers Dial-Up SalesNet, a system that allows a customer, through the use of its own personal computer and a modem, to access Merisel's database to examine pricing, credit information, product description and availability and promotional information and to place orders directly into Merisel's order processing system. For certain of its larger customers, the Compa