ital requirement. Under the new regulation, an institution is considered to have excess interest-rate risk if, based upon a 200 basis point change in market interest rates, the market value of an institution's capital changes by more than 2%. This new requirement is not expected to have any material effect on the Bank's ability to meet the risk-based capital requirement. The OTS is required to revise its risk-based capital standards to ensure that its standards provide adequately for concentration of credit risk, risk from non-traditional activities and actual performance and expected risk of loss on multi-family mortgages. Further increases in capital requirements are possible in future periods.
Capital requirements higher than the generally applicable minimum requirement may be established for a particular savings institution if the OTS determines that the institution's capital was or may become inadequate in view of its particular circumstances. Individual minimum capital requirements may be appropriate where the savings institution is receiving special supervisory attention, has a high degree of exposure to interest rate risk, or poses other safety or soundness concerns. No such requirements have been established for the Bank.
Prompt Corrective Action. Pursuant to FDICIA, the federal banking agencies are required to establish, by regulation, for each capital measure, the levels at which an insured institution is well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized, and to take prompt corrective action with respect to insured institutions which fall below minimum capital standards. The degree of regulatory intervention mandated by FDICIA is tied to an insured institution's capital category, with increasing scrutiny and more stringent restrictions being imposed as an institution's capital declines. Any insured depository institution which falls below the minimum capital standards must submit a c