 quickly than the yield on earning assets to changes in interest rates if the volume of liabilities maturing or repricing in any period is greater or less than the volume of earning assets maturing or repricing in the same period. To the extent that the volume of liabilities maturing or repricing in any period is not matched by a corresponding volume of assets, the Association has a repricing gap or mismatch, and net interest income is subject to change as interest rates change. The Association's maturity and repricing mismatches are measured by the asset/liability gap report. Unlike the traditional position of many thrift institutions which have a larger volume of liabilities maturing or repricing within one year than assets maturing or repricing, Northeast Savings has a larger volume of assets maturing or repricing than liabilities for all time frames from one to ten years on a cumulative basis. As a consequence, excluding all other factors, the Association's interest-earning assets can be expected to respond more quickly to changes in interest rates than its interest-bearing liabilities resulting in an increase in net interest income when interest rates rise and a decrease when interest rates fall.
The Company's gap results at December 31, 1993, are reported in the following table. The one year gap as a percentage of total assets was a positive 13.06% at December 31, 1993, compared to a positive 10.54% and 10.72% at December 31 and March 31, 1992, respectively.
- -------- For purposes of the above Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis:
. Fixed rate assets are scheduled by contractual maturity; adjustable rate assets are scheduled by the next repricing date; in both cases, assets that have prepayment options are adjusted for the Company's estimate of prepayments. . NOW accounts are assumed to decay at a rate of 5% per year. . Regular savings account decay assumptions used have the effect of repricing $288.0 million funds in excess of the historical average balance wi