
In connection with this agreement, at closing the Partnership paid the unaffiliated manager a partial settlement of $400,000 and has estimated the present value of the remaining contingent liability to be $360,000. This contingent liability is recorded as a long-term liability in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Reference is made to Note 7.
Springbrook Shopping Center
In October 1993, a tenant occupying 20% of the space at the Springbrook Shopping Center vacated upon expiration of its lease. The Partnership is actively pursuing replacement tenants for the vacant space, but there is no assurance that any leases will be consummated. Due to the uncertainty of re- leasing this space, and due to the property being expected to operate at a deficit in 1994, there is uncertainty as to the Partnership's ability to recover the net carrying value of the investment property through future operations or sale. Thus, as a matter of prudent accounting practice, the Partnership made a provision for value impairment of such investment property of $7,534,763 at December 31, 1993. Such provision is recorded to reduce the net carrying value of the investment property to the December 31, 1993 outstanding balance of the related non-recourse financing. Reference is made to Note 1.
Other
The mortgage note secured by Eastridge Mall is scheduled to mature on October 1, 1995. There is no assurance that the venture will be able to refinance or obtain alternative financing when the note matures. Due to the uncertainty of the Partnership's ability to recover the net carrying value of the Eastridge Mall investment property, the Partnership has made, as a matter of prudent accounting practice, a provision at June 30, 1992 for value impairment of Eastridge Mall of $5,752,710. Such provision reduced the net carrying value of the investment property to the then outstanding balance of the related non-recourse mortgage note.
Due to the uncertainty of the Partnership's ability to reco