esults of operations.
Financial Instruments and Concentration of Credit Risk
The Company's accounts receivable and mortgages and other notes receivable (see Note 3) are derived primarily from and are secured by hotel properties, which constitutes a concentration of credit risk. These notes are subject to many of the same risks as the Company's operating hotel assets. A significant portion of the collateral is located in the Northeastern and Southeastern United States.
In addition to the hotel property related receivables referred to above, the Company's financial instruments include (i) assets; cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash investments and (ii) liabilities; trade and notes payable and long-term debt (see Note 6). As described in Note 1, in connection with the adoption of fresh start accounting as of July 31, 1992, the Company revalued its assets and liabilities at amounts approximating fair market value. Since there have been no substantive changes in market conditions since the date of the revaluation and on the basis of market quotes and experience on recent redemption offers for the Company's long-term debt, the Company believes that the carrying amount of these financial instruments approximated their fair market value as of December 31, 1993 and 1992.
As a result of the reorganization proceedings and the rejection of certain leases, management contracts and other guarantees, the Company has no other material off-balance-sheet liabilities or credit risk as of December 31, 1993.
NOTE 8 -- INCOME TAXES
The provision for income taxes (including amounts applicable to extraordinary items) consisted of the following for the year ended December 31, 1993 and the five months ended December 31, 1992 (in thousands):
Income taxes are provided at the applicable federal and state statutory rates.
PRIME HOSPITALITY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 1993 AND 1992 (CONTINUED)
The tax effects of the temporary difference