an Bank advances: The fair value of these liabilities is estimated using the rates currently offered for liabilities of similar remaining maturities or, when available, quoted market prices.
. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase: Securities sold under agreements to repurchase generally have an original term to maturity of less than thirty days and thus are considered short-term borrowings. Consequently, their carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value.
. Long-term borrowings: The fair values of the Company's long-term borrowings are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the Company's current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.
. Interest rate swap agreements: The fair value of the interest rate swaps is the estimated amount that would be received or paid to terminate the swap agreements at the reporting date, taking into account current interest rates and the current creditworthiness of the swap counterparties.
. Commitments to extend credit consist primarily of commitments to originate adjustable rate mortgage loans and generally expire within 10 to 180 days, depending upon the type and purpose of the loan. Due to the current nature of the commitments, management concluded that the contractual amount of the commitments is a reasonable estimate of their fair value.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)
The following table presents the Company's assets, liabilities, and unrecognized financial instruments at both their respective carrying amounts and fair value. The Company's non-financial assets and liabilities are presented in both columns at their carrying amount.
- -------- (1) Excludes $70,000 and $264,000 at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, of accrued interest receivable on interest rate swaps. (2) Represents the fair value of uncapitalized servicing rights on loans serviced for others by Northeast Savings. * Fair value at December 