perpetual-life entity (which was announced after the Trust received in excess of the required 80% positive vote of all Shareholders on October 22, 1993) should enhance the Trust's ability to take advantage of the capital and investment markets available to real estate investment trusts. Management intends to pursue a strategy which should lower the Trust's cost of capital and enable the Trust to make additional investments in industrial real estate. This can be accomplished through raising additional equity and/or obtaining financing from various sources, including the public or private markets. At this time, however, management has obtained no commitments for funding or underwriting additional equity or debt financing and there can be no assurances that these sources of capital will become available in the future. Management believes that the reorganization of the Trust into a Maryland corporation is a necessary step towards a future financial restructuring because it removes existing barriers of the Trust's organization to obtaining additional capital by increasing the authorized shares and allowing for different classes of equity capital, among other things. Concurrent with this reorganization, management will continue to pursue capital raising opportunities. However, there can be no assurances that such equity capital or debt financing will be available to the Company upon its reorganization into a Maryland corporation or if available, whether the terms of such equity capital or debt financing will be acceptable.
On January 12, 1994, the Trust incorporated American Industrial Properties REIT, Inc. (the "Company"), a Maryland corporation as its wholly owned subsidiary. The Trust intends to seek the approval of the required 66 2/3% of its Shareholders to merge with and into the Company (the "Merger"). Management has estimated the cost of completing the Merger at approximately $400,000.
The Trust Managers have determined that it is in the best interest of the Trust