utives to earn bonuses of up to 150% of the base bonus for which they are eligible (which generally ranges from 10% to 75% of annual salary, depending upon their position and anticipated contribution to the Company), with the maximum bonus payable to the President being limited to 100% of his annual salary. Such bonuses are earned based upon the success of the Company, or of the subsidiary or division for which the individual is responsible, in achieving its debt-to-equity and/or net income goals. Typically, under
the Bonus Plan, awards are determined in advance of a fiscal year, at which time the net income and/or debt-to-equity goals for the year are also established. Thereafter, at the conclusion of the year, the awards are adjusted up or down and paid, based upon the achievements of the specified objectives and individual job performance. The Bonus Plan provides for the acceleration of the determination and payment of bonuses thereunder in the event of the termination of employment of a participant following a change in control of the Company. No bonuses were awarded, earned by, or paid to, any executive officer of the Company under the Bonus Plan during or in respect of 1993; further, since no bonus awards have been outstanding to any executive officer of the Company for the past three years, the change in control resulting from the Selex transaction did not result in the acceleration of the determination and payment of bonuses under the Bonus Plan.
The only bonus paid in 1993 was to Mr. Cortright pursuant to his employment agreement described above. In 1992, Mr. Cortright was instrumental in securing over $10,000,000 in new financing for the Company through the sale of contracts receivable and the Selex transaction, as well as for resolving certain regulatory matters with the State of Florida. His contribution was recognized through the award of a $200,000 bonus (an amount equal to one year's salary). To avoid straining the Company's liquidity situation, it wa