ompanies who retire at age 60 or over with 40 or more years of service are entitled to a supplemental retirement benefit in an amount that, together with the benefits under the basic plan and from other employment, will equal 60% of the executive's highest average monthly earnings for any 36 consecutive months. The supplemental benefit is reduced for less than 40 years service and for retirement age from 60 to 55. It is included in the amounts shown where applicable. In order to provide funds to pay such benefits, effective January 1, 1993 the Company purchased insurance on the lives of the plan participants. The Secured Benefit Plan has been designed that if the assumptions made as to mortality experience, policy dividends, and other factors are realized, the Company will recover all premium payments, plus a factor for the use of the Company's money. All executive officers are participants in the Secured Benefit Plan. This does not include benefits from an Employee Stock Ownership and Savings Plan (ESOSP) established as a non-contributory stock ownership plan for all eligible employees effective January 1, 1976, and amended in 1984 to include a savings program. Under the ESOSP for 1993, all eligible employees may elect to have from 2% to 7% of their compensation contributed to the Plan as pre-tax contributions and an additional 1% to 6% as post-tax contributions. Employees direct the investment of these contributions into one or more of five available funds. Each System company matches 50% of the pre-tax contributions up to 6% of compensation with common stock of Allegheny Power System, Inc. Effective January 1, 1993 the maximum amount of any employee's compensation that may be used in these computations is $235,840. Effective January 1, 1994, the amount was reduced to $150,000 as a result of The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993. Employees' interests in the ESOSP vest immediately. Their pre-tax contributions may be withdrawn only upon meeting certain finan