be shipped during fiscal 1994.
Patents
Measurex follows a policy of filing appropriate patent applications on inventions it considers significant. As of November 28, 1993, the Company had 121 United States patents and 270 foreign patents in effect. Although important to the business, Measurex believes that the invalidity or expiration of any single such patent would not have a material adverse effect on its operations.
Supply of Materials and Purchased Components
Measurex produces most of the software, sensors, scanners, digital logic circuits, peripheral devices and various terminals used in its systems. Many components, such as integrated circuits, video monitors, printers, disks, and microcomputers are purchased from other manufacturers and integrated into the systems.
Measurex currently purchases certain components from single sources of supply. In each instance, components performing similar functions are available from alternative sources, except for radioactive source material which is available from only two suppliers. Use of these alternative components might require a change in the design of certain portions of the system which could result in production delays, additional expenses and contract cancellations while changing vendors. The Company has contracts with certain vendors which entitle, but do not require, Measurex to purchase specific quantities of components.
Manufacturing
Systems are manufactured at Measurex's facilities in Cupertino, California; Waterford, Republic of Ireland; and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Measurex Management Systems Division products are configured and tested at facilities in Cincinnati, Ohio. The facility in Ireland is primarily used to produce systems for customers in Europe. Web-inspection products are manufactured by Measurex's Roibox subsidiary in Kuopio, Finland. Certain subassemblies are manufactured in Cupertino and shipped to Ireland for incorporation in the final systems. The systems are generally installed 