elated costs for 1993 are significant, non-recurring items and purchases of natural gas for field natural gas liquids plants. These items were classified as production costs in prior years; data for 1992 and 1991 were reclassified in the table above. Significant, non-recurring items include
$210 million for the writedown of Congo operations to current recoverable value and U.S. environmental charges of $96 million in 1993, and restructuring charges of $566 million and $38 million in 1992 and 1991, respectively.
Income taxes are generally assigned to the operations that give rise to the tax effects. Results of operations do not include interest expense and general corporate amounts nor their associated tax effects.
Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves
The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserves is prescribed by SFAS No. 69. The statement requires measurement of future net cash flows through assignment of a monetary value to proved reserve quantities and changes therein using a standardized formula. The amounts shown are based on prices and costs at the end of each period, legislated tax rates and a 10 percent annual discount factor. Because the calculation assumes static economic and political conditions and requires extensive judgment in estimating the timing of production, the resultant future net cash flows are not necessarily indicative of the fair market value of estimated proved reserves, but provide a reference point that may assist the user in projecting future cash flows.
Summarized below is the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserves at December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991.
Future cash inflows are computed by applying the year-end prices of oil and gas to proved reserve quantities as reported in the tables under the heading "Estimated Proved Reserves." Future price changes are considered on