and Mr. Singer. Sentencing is scheduled for March 25, 1994. The maximum penalty which could be imposed on the Company is the greater of (i) $500,000 per count, (ii) twice the gross gain derived from the offense or (iii) twice the gross loss suffered by the victim of the offense, and a $200 special assessment. In addition to the penalties described in (i), (ii) or (iii), the Court could order the Company to make restitution. The Company is considering its options, including filing an appeal of its conviction. Mr. Singer's attorney has advised the Company that Mr. Singer intends to appeal his conviction. Although the Company may be obligated under its Certificate of Incorporation to advance the costs of such appeal, the Company and Mr. Singer have agreed that Mr. Singer will not request such advances, but that he will reserve his rights to indemnification in the event of a successful appeal.
Also on November 10, 1992, the SEC filed a civil Complaint for Permanent Injunction and Other Equitable Relief (the 'SEC Complaint') in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company, Gary A. Singer, Steven G. Singer (the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Gary Singer's brother), and, as relief defendants, certain persons related to Gary and Steven Singer and certain entities in which they and/or those related persons have an interest. The SEC Complaint alleges that the Company and Gary and Steven Singer violated various provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Securities Exchange Act'), including certain of its antifraud and periodic reporting provisions, and aided and abetted violations of the Investment Company Act, and the Investment Advisors Act , in connection with the 'trading scheme' described in the preceding paragraphs. The SEC Complaint further alleges, among other things, federal securities law violations (i) by the Company and Gary Singer in connection with an allege