nts at 11.6 186.9 113.0 beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents $ 65.5 $ 11.6 $ 186.9 at end of year
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
McDonnell Douglas Finance Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 1993
Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Organization McDonnell Douglas Finance Corporation (the "Company") is a wholly-owned subsidiary of McDonnell Douglas Financial Services Corporation ("MDFS"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of McDonnell Douglas Corporation ("MDC"). The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1968 and provides a diversified range of equipment financing and leasing arrangements to commercial and industrial markets.
Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 1993 presentation.
Finance Leases At lease commencement, the Company records the lease receivable, estimated residual value of the leased equipment and unearned lease income. Income from leases is recognized over the terms of the leases so as to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. Residual values, which are reviewed periodically, represent the estimated amount to be received at lease termination from the disposition of leased equipment.
Initial Direct Costs Initial direct costs are deferred and amortized over the related financing terms.
Cash Equivalents The Company considers all cash investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents at December 31, 1993 were $58.8 million. There were no cash equivalents at December 31, 1992. At December 31, 1993 and 1992, the Company has classified as other assets restricted cash deposited with banks in interest bearing accounts of $44.3 million and $39.7 million for compensating balances,