gible or intangible, at any time owned by the Partnership, including the Partnership's respective interests in the aforementioned limited partnership and any property at any time owned by a partnership or other enterprise in which the Partnership is a partner.
3. Location of the Principal Place of Business. The location of the principal place of business of the Partnership is 900 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois 60611-1575 or such other location as shall be designated by the General Partner.
4. Names and Addresses of Partners. The names of the Partners of the Partnership and their respective addresses are as set forth on exhibit A attached hereto.
5. Term of Partnership. The term for which the Partnership shall exist shall be until December 31, 2043, unless earlier dissolved as provided in Section 11 hereof.
6. Partner's Capital.
A. Capital Contributions.
(i) The capital contribution of each Partner to the Partnership is set forth opposite such Partner's name on Exhibit A hereto. The Partners shall bc obligated to make their capital contributions as reflected in Exhibit A hereto at such times as the General Partner may determine.
(ii) Except as provided in Section 6A(i) above, no Partner shall have any obligation to make any additional capital contribution to the Partnership. In the event that, as provided in this Agreement, all or any part of the capital contribution of any Partner is withdrawn, any Partner makes an additional capital contribution, additional Partners are admitted to the Partnership, the Partnership purchases the interest of a Partner, or some similar change occurs, the General Partner shall promptly, when required, amend Exhibit A and prepare an amendment to this Agreement and the Certificate of Limited Partnership to reflect such change. The term "capital contribution" when used herein, shall mean the capital contribution of each Partner as set forth on Exhibit A hereto, plus any additional capital contributions which arc made to the Part