the Borough of Tarentum (Tarentum) using in part leased distribution facilities from Tarentum under a 30 year lease agreement terminating in 1996. In June 1993, Tarentum, which in that year had a load of 6.5 MW and revenues of $1.8 million, notified West Penn of its intention to exercise its option to end the lease agreement. The termination of the lease agreement and resulting transfer and sale of electric facilities will result in Tarentum becoming a municipal customer which will purchase electricity on a wholesale basis from West Penn or another supplier. The sale of electric facilities will require Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approval.
The System provides wholesale transmission services to applicants under its Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) approved Standard Transmission Service tariff. The tariff provides that such service is subordinate in priority to native load and reliability requirements of interconnected systems to avoid adverse effects on regional reliability in general and on the reliability of the Operating Subsidiaries' service to their retail and full- requirements wholesale customers in particular. (See ITEM 1. ELECTRIC FACILITIES for a discussion of stress on the System's transmission system.) Transmission services requiring special arrangements or long-term commitments have been and continue to be negotiated through mutually acceptable bilateral agreements. Substantially all of the revenues from transmission service sales are passed on to retail customers and as a result have little effect on net income.
EPACT permits wholesale generators, utility-owned and otherwise, and wholesale consumers to request from System and other owners of bulk power transmission facilities a commitment to supply transmission services. Generators include nonaffiliated utilities and nonutility generators (NUG) of electricity (including classifications of generators known as Independent Power Producers (IPP) and EWGs). Consumers of wholesale power 