h, IPSCO, located in Saskatchewan, Canada, and several other foreign producers. Principal competitors in the market for specialty steel plate include Lukens Steel Company, U.S. Steel Corporation and several foreign producers.
Steel plate producers in the western United States have faced competition in past years from foreign producers, including producers in Japan, certain members of the European Economic Community, Korea, Brazil and Canada. The effects of foreign competition were mitigated in recent years by the decline and continued weakness of the U.S. dollar relative to several foreign currencies and strong demand for steel plate in foreign countries, particularly the Far East. The Company believes that its efforts in increasing productivity, reducing production costs and shifting into higher margin product niches should enable the Company to compete effectively with both foreign and domestic producers even if the dollar strengthens relative to foreign currencies.
The Company believes that competition in the market for large diameter steel pipe is based primarily on quality, price and responsiveness to customer needs. The Company competes on a global basis and believes its ability to manufacture pipe of sufficiently high quality will enable it to compete effectively.
Principal domestic competitors in the large diameter steel pipe market at this time are Berg Steel Pipe Corporation, located in Florida, and Bethlehem Steel Corporation, located in Pennsylvania. International competitors consist primarily of Japanese and European pipe producers. The principal Canadian competitor is IPSCO, located in Regina, Saskatchewan. Demand for the Company's pipe in recent years is primarily a function of new construction of oil and gas transportation pipelines and to a lesser extent maintenance and replacement of existing pipelines. Construction of new pipelines domestically depends to some degree on the level of oil and gas exploration and drilling activity, which has declined