nt are voted by the ESOP trustee as directed by the plan board (the board administering the trust which currently consists of executive officers of the Company). However, participants may direct the vote of their ESOP account shares in matters involving mergers, recapitalizations, or dispositions of substantial assets. Until termination of employment a participant cannot dispose of shares in his ESOP account. Shares distributed to a participant on termination are subject to the Company's right of first refusal. The shares in the Named Officers ESOP accounts are as follows: Mr. Kampouris, 3,995 shares; Mr. Kerckhove, 3,953 shares; Mr. Hinrichs, 4,266 shares; Mr. Allardyce, 4,246 shares; and Mr. Gandini, 2,225 shares. The shares in the ESOP accounts for all executive officers total 69,218 shares.
The number of shares shown for executive officers in the table above also does not reflect shares of Holding Common Stock issued as part of the payouts under the LTIP and held for them in trust under a trust agreement dated as of January 1, 1993. Shares in the trust are voted by the trustee as directed by the Company. Until termination of the trust, a beneficiary of the Trust cannot dispose of shares credited to his account. Shares in the Named Officers' accounts in the trust are as follows: Mr. Kampouris, 4,453 shares; Mr. Kerckhove, 2,012 shares; Mr. Hinrichs, 1,787 shares; Mr. Allardyce, 1,224 shares; and Mr. Gandini, 1,176 shares. The shares in the trust accounts for all executive officers total 28,620 shares.
Also not included above are 19,198 shares of ASI Holding common stock held in a similar grantor's trust for the account of certain executive officers. These were earned by them under an employee incentive plan prior to their becoming officers.
(d) Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell, each a director of the Company and of Holding, and Messrs. Matelich and Wall may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of shares owned of record by ASI Partners by virtue of their status as