ary remaining to be paid him for the term of his agreement, unless termination was due to death, in which case his beneficiary would be entitled to receive a sum equal to one month's salary for each month of his employment during the first twelve months of employment, and thereafter, a sum equal to the aggregate of one year's salary. Mr. Weiner failed to achieve both the specific objectives set forth in his agreement for 1993 and the annual overall objectives of the marketing program during 1993.
Due to the Company's liquidity situation, the Company was unable to pay its executive officers the compensation due them for the months of March, 1994 and April, 1994. The executive officers employed pursuant to an employment agreement notified the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairmen of the Board and the Chairman of the Executive Compensation Committee, on April 1, 1994, that the Company's failure to remit the compensation due constituted a breach of their respective agreements and that while they were willing to continue their efforts, for a limited time, to assist the Company in resolving its problems, they were not waiving their rights to enforce any remedies available under their respective agreements. On April 28, 1994, Mr. Weiner filed suit against the Company for breach of his agreement by reason of non-payment of compensation, seeking damages under the agreement in excess of $744,000. He was subsequently removed as an officer of the Company and his employment was terminated for non-performance. See "Legal Proceedings."
Mr. Mancilla, Jr., who was appointed Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, effective July 15, 1992, was employed pursuant to an employment agreement with the Company which continued through July 15, 1994 (the initial term), was to be automatically renewed at that time for an additional year (the initial renewal term), and thereafter was subject to automatic renewal for successive one-year periods (subsequent renewal terms) unl