, and gas regulating and metering stations. The mains and feeder lines are located in municipal streets or alleys pursuant to valid franchise or occupation ordinances, in county roads or state highways pursuant to valid agreements or permits granted pursuant to statute, or on lands of others pursuant to valid easements obtained from the owners of such lands. The Company also holds all necessary permits for the crossing of the Willamette River and a number of small rivers by its mains.
The Company owns service facilities in Portland, as well as various satellite service centers, garages, warehouses, and other buildings necessary and useful in the conduct of its business. It leases office space in Portland for its corporate headquarters. (See below.) District offices are maintained on owned or leased premises at convenient points in the distribution system. The Company owns LNG facilities in Portland and near Newport, Oregon, and also owns two natural gas reservoirs at Mist, Oregon.
The Company considers all of its properties currently used in its operations, both owned and leased, to be well maintained, in good operating condition, and adequate for its present and foreseeable future needs.
The Company's Mortgage and Deed of Trust constitutes a first mortgage lien on substantially all of the real property constituting its utility plant.
Oregon Natural holds interests in United States oil and gas leases covering 52,606 net acres. These interests are located in western Oregon, California, Sweetwater County, Wyoming, and La Plata and Rio Blanco Counties in Colorado. Canor owns interests in 19 gas properties and six oil properties in southern Alberta and southern Saskatchewan covering mineral rights on 124,052 net acres. Most Canadian gas production is sold under long-term contracts to markets in both Canada and the United States. Oregon Natural also holds an equity investment in a Boeing 737-300 aircraft.
Energy Systems formerly owned a 25 megawatt combined-cycle cogener