d of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method of SFAS No. 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
FIRST MARYLAND BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under SFAS No. 109, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized as income in the period that includes the enactment date.
The Corporation files a consolidated federal income tax return. Deferred income taxes are provided on certain transactions which are reported in the financial statements in different years than for income tax purposes. The principal items are the provision for credit losses, income from lease financing, interest and fee income on loans, securities transactions, deferred compensation and restricted stock. Accumulated deferred taxes resulting from these timing differences are included in the aggregate in other assets to the extent realizable or accrued taxes and other liabilities in the consolidated statements of condition. Investment tax credits on lease financing transactions are deferred and taken into income as yield adjustments over the lives of the related leases.
Other Real Estate and Assets--Other real estate and other assets owned represent property acquired through foreclosure or deeded to the Corporation in lieu of foreclosure on loans on which borrowers have defaulted as to the payment of principal and interest. Other real estate and assets, at the time of foreclosure, are recorded at the asset's fair value. Any write-downs at the date of acquisition are charged to the allowance for credit los