hort-term investments--The carrying amounts for short-term investments (which include interest-bearing deposits with banks, federal funds sold and resale agreements) approximate fair value because they mature in 90 days or less and do not represent unanticipated credit concerns.
Investment and trading account securities--Estimated fair value for investment and trading account securities is based on quoted market prices. The fair value of certain small issues and municipal securities which are not readily available through market quotations is assumed to equal carrying value as these securities generally have short terms. These securities do not represent a significant portion of the portfolio.
Loans--Fair values were estimated for loans with similar financial characteristics. The commercial loan portfolio was separated into credit risk categories by variable and fixed rate loans. The fair value of performing loans, except for internally criticized commercial and lease financing loans, was calculated by discounting cash flows using an estimated discount rate that reflects current market rates, the type of loan, credit risk inherent in the loan category and repricing characteristics. Fair value for criticized commercial loans was calculated by reducing the carrying value by an amount that reflects the estimated principal loss. This loss was based on internal credit analysis of specific borrowers taking into consideration past loan loss experience and trends in loan quality. For lease financing loans, carrying value was considered to approximate fair value.
The fair value of credit card loans was estimated using the net present value method. Credit card portfolios are not actively traded and the discount rate used reflects an estimated rate of return based on the credit quality of the portfolio. This estimate does not include the value that relates to estimated cash flows from new loans generated from existing cardholders over the remaining life of the portfolio. For r