uperior Court of the State of California, Los Angeles, County. Mr. Sturman alleged that his suspension from his position as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors constituted, among other things, an anticipatory breach of his employment agreement. On May 14, 1993, Mr. Sturman filed a First Amended Complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Alameda, Eastern Division, the jurisdiction to which the original case had been transferred. In the Amended Complaint, Mr. Sturman alleged that by first suspending and then terminating him from his position as Co-Chairman, the Company breached his employment agreement, violated provisions of the California Labor Code, wrongfully terminated him in violation of public policy, breached its implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, defamed him, invaded his privacy and intentionally inflicted emotional distress, and was otherwise fraudulent, deceitful and negligent. The Amended Complaint seeks declaratory relief, damages in the amount of $5,000, treble and punitive damages in an unspecified amount, and general, special and consequential damages in the amount of at least $5,000,000. In March 1993, the Court ordered a stay of all discovery in this action until further order of the Court and thereafter scheduled a conference for January 14, 1994 to review the status of the stay. The Court subsequently modified the stay to permit the taking of the deposition of one witness who will not be available to testify at trial. On September 24, 1993, Mr. Sturman filed a Second Amended Complaint, setting forth the same material allegations and seeking the same relief
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
and damages as set forth in the First Amended Complaint. On January 7, 1994, the Company filed an Answer, generally denying all of the allegations in the Second Amended Complaint, and also filed a Cross-Complaint against Mr. Sturman. In the Cross-Complai