ic rose 8%, and revenues increased 7%, compared with 1992. The gain was due to strong demand for vehicles produced at plants served by NS. NS' largest customer, Ford Motor Company, produced the top- selling automobile and truck in 1993. In addition, NS benefited from a full year of production at the Ford/Nissan plant located near Avon Lake, Oh. Successful marketing efforts, such as an innovative program with GM for just-in-time movement of auto parts, also contributed to the higher traffic levels. Further growth in automotive traffic is expected in 1994 and beyond, as U.S. automotive production is anticipated to increase for the next few years. From 1994 to 1997, operations will begin at three new or expanded automotive assembly plants located on NS' lines: the second Toyota plant at Georgetown, Ky., in 1994; BMW at Greer, S.C., in 1995; and Mercedes-Benz at Tuscaloosa, Al., in 1997. The retooling of GM's Wentzville, Mo., and Doraville, Ga., plants for van production should also increase traffic. AGRICULTURE traffic rose 4%, and revenues increased 6%, compared with 1992. In the early part of the year, NS benefited from a record harvest that continued well into 1993. During the summer, the flood in the Midwest diverted traffic to rail that formerly moved by barge. In the fall, good crop conditions in NS' sourcing areas and poor conditions elsewhere produced strong NS traffic gains. Although the special conditions present during 1993 are not likely to recur in 1994, a small increase in agriculture revenues is expected, driven by growth in poultry production in the Southeast, a prime NS feed grain market. METALS/CONSTRUCTION traffic rose 9%, and revenues increased 7%, compared with 1992. Most of the revenue gain was in shipments of iron and steel; strong industry production and new plants located on NS' lines boosted revenue $10 million. Shipments of construction commodities were also strong due to a recovery in housing. Further gains are expected over the next few yea