d recreational facilities. The Communities are located primarily throughout the State of Florida, with Communities also located near Atlanta, Georgia; Highlands, North Carolina and in Orange County, California. Additional undeveloped properties owned by the Partnership in or near its Communities are being considered for development as commercial, office and industrial properties. The Partnership also owns or manages certain club and recreational facilities within certain of its Communities. Certain assets located in Florida were acquired by the Partnership from the Seller by purchasing a 99.9% interest in a joint venture partnership in which the General Partner acquired the remaining joint venture partnership interest. In addition, other assets are owned by various partnerships, the interests of which are held by certain indirect subsidiaries of the Partnership and by the Partnership.
Arvida Company ("Arvida"), an affiliate of the General Partner, provides certain development and management supervisory personnel to the Partnership for the supervision of all of its projects and operations, subject, in each case, to the overall control of the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership. The Partnership, directly or through certain subsidiaries, provides development and management services to the home ownership associations within the Communities. Two of the Partnership's Communities currently offer cable television systems to certain of their residents, which systems are owned and operated by entities owned by the Partnership.
The business of the Partnership is cyclical in nature and certain aspects of the development of Community projects are to some degree seasonal. The Partnership does not expect that such seasonality will have a material impact on its business. A presentation of information about industry segments, geographic regions or raw materials is not applicable and would not be material to an understanding of the Partnership's business taken as a whole.
Th