ate proceedings involving recovery, among other things, of costs associated with River Bend. Some rate relief has been received, but GSU has been unable to obtain recognition in rates for a substantial portion of its River Bend investment. Recovery of certain costs has been disallowed, while other costs are being deferred for future recovery, held in abeyance pending further regulatory action, or treated as investments in deregulated assets. There are ongoing rate proceedings and appeals relating to these issues (see "GSU," below).
The System is committed to taking actions that will stabilize retail rates and avoid the need for future rate increases. In the short-term, this involves containing costs to the greatest degree practicable, thereby avoiding erosion of earnings and delaying for as long as possible the need for general rate increases. In accordance with this retail rate policy, the System operating companies have agreed to retail rate caps and/or rate freezes for specified periods of time.
In the longer term, as discussed in "Business of Entergy - Competition - Least Cost Planning" above, and also as discussed specifically for each applicable company below, the System is pursuing implementation of least cost planning to minimize the cost of future sources of energy.
Effective January 1, 1993, the System adopted SFAS No. 106 (SFAS 106), an accounting standard that requires accrual of the costs of postretirement benefits other than pensions prior to the time these costs are actually incurred. In 1992, the System operating companies requested from their retail rate regulators authorization to recognize in rates the costs associated with implementation of SFAS 106. For further information, see Note 10 of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries', Note 9 of MP&L's and NOPSI's, and Note 10 of AP&L's, GSU's, and LP&L's Notes to Financial Statements, "Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits," incorporated herein by reference.
AP&L
Rate Freeze. In connection with the