ts and packings used in other products manufactured by the Company.
Since 1976, the Company has tried, settled or summarily disposed of approximately 13,000 such claims for a total cost of $29 million including legal fees. The Company has entered into agreements with insurance carriers with respect to such claims. Management has no reason to believe the carriers will not be able to meet their obligations pursuant to the agreements. Under the agreements, insurance covers 60%-67% of legal fees and any settlements or awards. The net cost to the Company after recoveries from the carriers has been approximately $10 million. Of the 13,000 claims settled, approximately 80% relate to cases involving refractory products. Any future refractory product claims filed are the responsibility of INDRESCO Inc. pursuant to an agreement entered into at the time of the spin-off. The Company has provided for the estimated exposure, based on past experience, for the remaining open cases involving refractory products. The Company has also provided for estimated exposure relating to non-refractory product claims. However, the Company has less experience in settling such claims. Generally when settlements have been made, the amounts involved are substantially lower than the claims involving refractory products.
In 1993, the Company did sustain an adverse judgment in cases filed by employees of Ingalls Shipyard in Pascagoula, Mississippi. The Company's share of damages awarded in six cases amounted to $3.8 million plus 10% add on for punitive damages. The judgment does not conform to the Company's past experience and was not in accord with the evidence. The court has entered judgment in the case and the Company has filed the appropriate post trial motions. The court has not ruled on the motions. If relief is denied, the Company will appeal the decision. Any ultimate loss would be covered by the agreement with the insurance carriers and would not result in a net loss exceeding approximately $