he additives it manufactures and sells. Technological developments in the design of engines and other automotive equipment, combined with rising demands for environmental protection and fuel economy, require increasingly sophisticated chemical additives.
Research and development expenditures were $88.5 million in 1993, $76.2 million for 1992 and $63.7 million for 1991. These amounts were equivalent to 5.8%, 5.3% and 4.7% of the respective revenues for such years. These amounts include expenditures for the performance evaluation of additive developments in engines and other types of mechanical equipment as well as expenditures for the development of specialty chemicals for industrial applications. In addition, $83.0 million, $63.6 million and $64.0 million was spent in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively, for technical service activities, principally for evaluation in mechanical equipment of specific lubricant formulations designed for the needs of petroleum industry customers throughout the world.
The company has two research facilities at Wickliffe, Ohio, one of which is principally for lubricant additive research and the other for research in the field of other specialty chemicals. The company also maintains a mechanical testing laboratory at Wickliffe, equipped with a variety of gasoline and diesel engines and other mechanical equipment to evaluate the performance of additives for lubricants and fuels. Lubrizol has similar mechanical testing laboratories in England and Japan and, in addition, makes extensive use of independent contract research firms. Extensive field testing is also conducted through various arrangements with fleet operators and others.
Liaison offices in Detroit, Michigan; Hazelwood, England; Hamburg, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; and Paris, France maintain close contact with the principal automotive and equipment manufacturers of the world and keep the company abreast of the performance requirements for Lubrizol products in the face of changing technolo