1 million. Management recognizes the uncertainties of litigation and the possibility that a series of adverse rulings could materially impact operating results. However, based upon the Company's historical experience with similar claims, the time elapsed since the Company discontinued sale of products containing asbestos, and management's understanding of the facts and circumstances which gave rise to such claims, management believes that the pending asbestos claims will be resolved without material effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.
Note L - Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Quantum Chemical Litigation - ---------------------------
In October 1992, Quantum Chemical Corporation ("Quantum") brought suit against the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, The M. W. Kellogg Company ("Kellogg"), alleging that Kellogg negligently failed to provide an adequate design for an ethylene facility which Kellogg designed and constructed for Quantum and fraudulently misrepresented the state of development of its Millisecond Furnace technology to be used in the facility. Quantum is seeking $200 million in actual damages and punitive damages equal to twice the actual damages claimed. Kellogg has answered denying the claim and has filed a counterclaim against Quantum alleging libel, slander, breach of contract and fraud. Discovery in the action is proceeding, and trial is set for April 11, 1994. Management believes the Quantum lawsuit is totally without merit and will be resolved without material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.
Other Litigation - ----------------
The Company and its subsidiaries are involved in certain other legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Management recognizes the uncertainties of litigation and the possibility that one or more adverse rulings could materially impact 