demonstrate compliance with and commitment to the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act and to comply with the remaining statutory limitations on branching.
Grandfathered Savings Bank Authority. Northeast Savings' predecessor, The Schenectady Savings Bank was a New York state-chartered savings bank with investment powers conferred by New York law. The Garn-St Germain Depository Institutions Act of 1982 and the implementing regulations empower savings and loan associations such as Northeast Savings to exercise all the powers that the predecessor state-chartered savings bank possessed under state law, whether or not such powers had been exercised. These powers are in addition to the powers the Association possesses as a federally-chartered savings and loan association.
These powers allow Northeast Savings to pursue diversified acquisition opportunities and provide the Association with flexibility in structuring its investment portfolio. These powers are, however, subject to limitation by both the OTS and the FDIC. Pursuant to authority granted to it by FIRREA, the FDIC may determine, by regulation or by order, that an association may not engage in any specific activity that poses a serious risk to the SAIF.
Qualified Thrift Lender. The Qualified Thrift Lender (QTL) test generally requires savings associations to concentrate a significant majority of their assets in housing-related investments. Under the QTL test, qualified thrift investments must equal 65% of portfolio assets on a monthly basis; a qualified thrift lender must meet the 65% test in nine out of every twelve months. Portfolio assets are defined as total assets minus supervisory goodwill and other intangible assets, premises and equipment, and certain liquid assets up to 20% of assets. The Association is in compliance with the QTL test. As of December 31, 1993, 92.3% of the Association's portfolio assets under the OTS QTL definition consisted of qualified thrift assets.
An institution that fails t