hip has tendered each of the above-described lawsuits to Disney for defense and indemnification in whole or in part pursuant to the Partnership's indemnification rights. Where appropriate, the Partnership has also tendered these lawsuits to its various insurance carriers for defense and coverage. The Partnership is unable to determine at this time to what extent damages in these lawsuits, if any, against the Partnership, as well as the Partnership's cost of investigating and defending the lawsuits, will ultimately be recoverable by the Partnership either pursuant to its rights of indemnification by Disney or under contracts of insurance.
The Partnership has negotiated the terms of a class action settlement with opposing counsel in one of the pending homeowners' lawsuits, which has the potential for resolving substantial portions of the pending homeowners' lawsuits which have been filed. On June 3, 1993, the Circuit Court of Dade County entered an order preliminarily finding that the Partnership's proposed class action settlement agreement, as revised, was within the range of what appeared to be a fair and adequate settlement of the claims filed by single- family homeowners and condominium owners at Country Walk. On August 10, 1993, the court issued a final order approving the class action settlement. The settlement, which is designed to resolve claims arising in connection with estate and patio homes and condominiums sold by the Partnership after September 10, 1987, is structured to compensate residents for losses not covered by insurance. Settlement amounts payable are a function of the type of unit involved and the claimant's proof regarding the adequacy of insurance proceeds. Settlement class members representing 188 units in Country Walk have accepted the settlement. Those who affirmatively rejected the offer may continue to litigate against the Partnership. The Partnership currently believes that the class action settlement may cost approximately $2.5 million.
