(an Allegheny Power System, Inc. affiliate) at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
As discussed in Notes A and B to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes in 1993.
PRICE WATERHOUSE PRICE WATERHOUSE
New York, New York February 3, 1994
AGC
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (These notes are an integral part of the financial statements.)
Note A - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: The Company was incorporated in Virginia in 1981. Its common stock is owned by Monongahela Power Company - 27%, The Potomac Edison Company - 28%, and West Penn Power Company - 45% (the Parents). The Parents are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Allegheny Power System, Inc. and are a part of the Allegheny Power integrated electric utility system. The Company is subject to regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Significant accounting policies of the Company are summarized below.
PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT: Property, plant, and 