tising claims with respect to various products and, in its enforcement policies, is seeking to establish more stringent standards with respect to advertising practices. The FTC has the authority to investigate and to institute proceedings against advertisers and their advertising agencies for deceptive advertising. Proposals have also been made for the adoption of additional statutes and regulations which would further restrict the advertising activities of advertising agencies and their clients. The effect on the advertising business of future application of existing statutes or regulations, or the extent, nature or effect of future legislation or regulatory activity with respect to advertising, cannot be predicted.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC OPERATIONS
Response to this item is incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report to shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 on page 21.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Virtually all of the Company's operations are conducted in leased premises. The Company's physical property consists primarily of leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment. However, the Company does own office buildings in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic, neither of which are material to the Company's consolidated financial statements.
Further information regarding the Company's leased premises, which it considers to be adequate for its current operations, is contained in note 12 of the Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders (page 23).
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. PENDING LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Response to this item is incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report to shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 note 5 on page 19.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
Not Applicable.
PART II
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK
Response to this item is incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report to shareholders fo