her fees decreased by $621,000 for the year ended December 31, 1993 as compared to the prior year primarily due to a decrease in charges for additional services. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 1993, the number of Managed Hotels declined by five due to property divestitures by independent owners, two of which were acquired by the Company. The decreases have been partially offset by increases in management fees attributable to increased hotel occupancies and higher incentive related performance fees.
Interest income on mortgages and notes decreased by $5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1993 as compared to the prior year primarily due to the Company's early collection of a note receivable with a face amount of $58.0 million in August 1992. Interest income for the year ended December 31, 1993 primarily related to mortgages secured by 12 Managed Hotels. Approximately $4.3 million or 28.8% of interest income is derived from the Company's $50 million note receivable secured by the Frenchman's Reef. For the year ended December 31, 1993, operating profits improved for the Frenchman's Reef over the prior year due to the stronger economy, the new affiliation with Marriott and product improvements and cost controls at the hotel. The Company's proposed mortgage restructuring is intended to provide the Company with ownership and control of the Frenchman's Reef. If consummated, the impact of this restructuring on operating income is expected to be minimal as direct revenues, expenses and depreciation would increase and interest income would decrease. In the year ended December 31, 1993, interest income also includes $976,000 recognized on subordinated mortgages which have been assigned no value on the Company's balance sheet due to substantial doubts as to their recoverability. These subordinated mortgages generated interest income primarily due to declines in interest rates on the variable rate mortgages senior to the Company's positions on these hotels