 which the Company had a cost basis of approximately $12,322,000. The Company
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
used available cash to purchase the Nu-Med debentures and to make the $15,898,000 payment at closing.
Except for the 'Affiliate debentures' defined and described below, the Company acquired the Nu-Med debentures in open market transactions for a total cost of approximately $10,374,000. On April 13, 1992, the Company acquired, for a total cost of approximately $1,948,000, an additional $3,525,000 principal amount of Nu-Med debentures (the 'Affiliate debentures') from an individual and a corporation (together, the 'Affiliates') related to or affiliated with Messrs. Gary, Steven and Brad Singer. The Affiliate debentures were tendered to Nu-Med at the same price paid by the Company. At the time of the transaction, Gary and Steven Singer were each officers and directors of the Company, and Brad Singer was a director of the Company. The Affiliate debentures were purchased by the Company at the cost paid by the Affiliates plus accrued interest thereon, following the approval of the majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of the Company. To protect the Company against any potential loss, it acquired the Affiliate debentures pursuant to an agreement that would have allowed the Company to 'put' the Affiliate debentures back to the Affiliates at the Company's cost if the acquisition of HGA had not occurred.
HGA provides psychiatric and substance abuse treatment through three hospitals with a total of 259 beds at the time of the acquisition, which was subsequently increased to 269.
Concurrently, PSG Management, Inc. ('PSG Management'), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a management agreement with three indirect subsidiaries of Nu-Med under which PSG Management is managing three additional hospitals owned by such subsidiaries which have a total of 220 licensed beds. Unde