se in Thailand. Both facilities require a fee of 1/4 of 1 % on the total commitments.
The Bank Credit Agreement provides a revolving credit of $1.2 billion through 1996 at interest rates based on London Interbank Offered Rates. This agreement is available for general corporate purposes, including the support of commercial paper issued by Union Oil. At December 31, 1993, the company had available undrawn commitments of $1.2 billion. The company pays a facility fee of 1/4 of 1% on the total commitments. The company also has reimbursement agreements with a major bank providing for the reimbursement of amounts drawn under irrevocable direct-pay letters of credit issued by such bank for the payment of $23 million on certain industrial development revenue bonds issued in 1988. The company pays a facility fee of .525% on these outstanding letters of credit. The company has other letters of credit for approximately $142 million. The majority are maintained for operational needs.
NOTE 14 - LEASE RENTAL OBLIGATIONS
Future minimum rental payments for capitalized leased properties and for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year are as follows:
* The current portion of these obligations amounted to $2 million. There were no material contingent rentals applicable to capital leases.
Net operating rental expense included in consolidated earnings is as follows:
NOTE 15 - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
FAIR VALUE
The company had $205 million in cash and cash equivalents at year-end 1993, which approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these investments.
The estimated fair value of the company's long-term debt, including currency and interest rate swaps, was $3.8 billion at year-end 1993. This fair value was estimated based upon the discounted amount of future cash outflows using the rates offered to the company for debt of the same remaining maturities.
OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK
The company is a party to financial instruments wi