p of employer/employee, partners or joint venturers, and neither party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other in any manner whatsoever, except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement. The parties hereto hereby acknowledge that Phelan is acting as an independent contractor in connection herewith.
6. Supplemental Retirement Income Agreement. ----------------------------------------
This Agreement shall in no way be construed to affect the terms and conditions of The Supplemental Retirement Income Agreement between The Stride Rite Corporation and John J. Phelan dated as of September 16, 1992 and Phelan's rights to benefits under that Agreement.
7. Confidentiality. ---------------
Phelan understands and acknowledges that, in rendering services hereunder, Stride Rite may deliver confidential information to Phelan and Phelan agrees to hold in confidence and not use or disclose any such confidential information except upon the prior written consent of the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Stride Rite, which consent shall be granted or denied in Stride Rite's sole discretion, and Phelan shall not disclose, utilize or commercialize the same, directly or indirectly, for his own or any third party's benefit, now or in the future provided, however, that the parties agree that Phelan shall not be so restricted with respect to any information which he can establish is in the public domain, was known to him prior to disclosure by Stride Rite or was disclosed to him by a third party and such disclosure was not in breach of any agreement by such third party with Stride Rite.
8. Governing Law. -------------
This Agreement shall be construed to be a Massachusetts contract governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties agree that this Agreement represents the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the consulting services to be performed hereunder and supersedes all prior communications regarding the same.
9. Modifications. ----------