tters of credit, and there were no loan amounts outstanding.
Camrose Pipe Company (a 60 percent owned subsidiary) maintains a $10 million revolving credit facility with a bank, the proceeds of which may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The facility is collateralized by the assets of Camrose Pipe Company and expires on October 31, 1994. Depending on Camrose Pipe Company's election at the time of borrowing, interest will be payable based on (1) the bank's Canadian dollar prime rate, (2) the bank's United States dollar prime rate, or (3) the London Interbank Borrowing Rates ("LIBOR"). As of December 31, 1993, Camrose Pipe Company had $4.2 million outstanding under the facility.
CF&I maintains a $15 million revolving credit facility with a bank, the proceeds of which may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The facility is collateralized by the accounts receivables of CF&I and expires on May 24, 1994. Depending on CF&I's election at the time of borrowing, interest will be payable based on either the bank prime rate or LIBOR. As of December 31, 1993, CF&I had $10 million outstanding under this facility.
The Company's revolving credit and term loan agreements contain various restrictive covenants which include, among other things, a minimum current assets to current liabilities ratio, a minimum interest coverage ratio, a minimum ratio of cash flow to scheduled maturities of long-term debt, a minimum tangible net worth, a maximum ratio of long-term debt to total capitalization, and restrictions on liens, investments and additional indebtedness.
The Company's short-term debt and revolving long-term credit facility are considered to be carried at fair value due to interest being paid at current market rates. Long-term debt is considered to be carried at fair value because its rate of interest is based on the Company's incremental borrowing rates for the same or similar types of borrowing arrangements.
5. ACCRUED EXPENSES
Accr