/900 to contribute approximately $4,364,000 ($2,909,000 of which was contributed by the Partnership) to pay past due property real estate taxes and to pay certain costs, including litigation settlement costs, which were the responsibility of one of the unaffiliated joint venture partners under the terms of the joint venture agreement to the extent such funds were not available from the investment property.
In July 1989, JMB/900 filed a lawsuit in federal court against the former manager and one of the unaffiliated venture partners to recover the amounts contributed and to recover for certain other joint venture obligations on which the unaffiliated partner has defaulted. This lawsuit was dismissed on jurisdictional grounds. Subsequently, however, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") filed a complaint, since amended, in a lawsuit against the joint venture partner, the Partnership and affiliated partner and the joint venture, which has enabled the Partnership and affiliated partner to refile its previously asserted claims against the joint venture partner as part of that lawsuit in Federal Court. There is no assurance that JMB/900 will recover the amounts of its claims as a result of the litigation. Due to the uncertainty, no amounts in addition to the amounts advanced to date, noted above, have been recorded in the financial statements. Settlement discussions with one of the venture partners and the FDIC continue. The FDIC has, in the past, been unwilling to consider a settlement until certain other issues it has with one of the unaffiliated venture partners are resolved. It appears that a resolution of those other issues may be near. There are no assurances that a settlement will be finalized and that the Partnership and affiliated partner will be able to recover any amounts from the unaffiliated venture partners.
The joint venture negotiated an early lease termination agreement with a major tenant that vacated its space in June 1992. The joint venture