in real estate development activities, either directly or through joint ventures.
MPC's real estate development investments in residential projects are targeted for Hawaii's owner-occupant market. MPC's subsidiaries are currently involved in the active development of five residential projects (Kipona Hills, Kua' Aina Ridge, Westpark, Piilani Village Phase 1 and Sunrise Estates Phase 1) on the islands of Oahu, Maui and Hawaii encompassing approximately 500 homes or lots, of which more than 260 have been completed and sold. Either directly or through its joint ventures, MPC's subsidiaries have access to nearly 450 acres of land for future residential development.
Residential development generally requires long lead time to obtain necessary zoning changes, building permits and other required approvals. MPC's projects are subject to the usual risks of real estate development, including fluctuations in interest rates, the receipt of timely and appropriate state and local zoning and other necessary approvals, possible cost overruns and construction delays, adverse changes in general commerce and local market conditions, compliance with applicable environmental and other regulations, and potential competition from other new projects and resales of existing residences.
In 1993, Malama's real estate development activities continued to be impacted by the economic conditions affecting the entire nation. Although interest rates remained low, the real estate market experienced slowdowns due to the weakness in the U.S. and Hawaii economies and lack of consumer
confidence. Sales prices and velocities are expected to remain relatively flat through most of 1994, with improvement anticipated in late 1994 or 1995.
For a discussion of MPC's transactions with related parties, pages 21 to 23 of HEI's Definitive Proxy Statement, prepared for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 19, 1994 and filed herein as HEI Exhibit 22, are incorporated herein by reference.
JOINT VENTU