ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
OVERVIEW
Merisel, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "Merisel" or the "Company") is the largest worldwide publicly-held wholesale distributor of microcomputer hardware and software products. Through its full-line, channel-specialized distribution business, Merisel combines the comprehensive product selection and operational efficiency of a full-line distributor with the customer support of a specialty distributor offering dedicated sales organizations to each of its customer groups. On January 31, 1994, the Company completed the acquisition (the "ComputerLand Acquisition") of certain assets of ComputerLand Corporation's United States franchise and aggregator business ("the ComputerLand Business"). The ComputerLand Business is a leading aggregator, or master reseller, of computer systems and related products from major microcomputer manufacturers, including Apple, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard and IBM, to a network of approximately 750 independently-owned computer product resellers in the United States. With the acquisition of the ComputerLand Business, the Company has become the industry's only "Master Distributor," combining the strengths of a full-line, channel specialized distributor with those of a master reseller. As a Master Distributor, the Company believes it is uniquely positioned to offer a wider selection of microcomputer products to more categories of customers than any of its competitors.
At December 31, 1993, Merisel stocked over 25,000 products from more than 900 of the microcomputer hardware and software industry's leading manufacturers including Apple, AST, Borland, Colorado Memory Systems, Compaq, Creative Labs, Digital Equipment Corporation, Epson, Hayes, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Intel, Lotus, Microsoft, NEC, Novell, Okidata, Sun Microsystems, Symantec, Texas Instruments, 3Com, Toshiba, WordPerfect and Wyse. Merisel sells products to over 65,000 computer resellers worldwide, including value-added resellers, large retail chains and fran