 state tax benefits/and or obligations with the Company's provision for income taxes determined on a separate company basis. The Company is part of the IBM consolidated federal tax return, and files separate state tax returns in selected states. Included in due to IBM Corporation and affiliates at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, is $263.8 million and $5.3 million of current income taxes payable as determined in accordance with the intercompany tax allocation agreement. Cash paid for income taxes in 1993, 1992, and 1991, was $120.6 million, $7.8 million, and $5.5 million, respectively.
RELATIONSHIP WITH IBM:
Pursuant to a Support Agreement between IBM and the Company, IBM has agreed to retain 100% of the voting capital stock of the Company, unless required to dispose of any or all such shares of stock pursuant to a court decree or order of any governmental authority which in the opinion of counsel to IBM, may not be successfully challenged. IBM has also agreed to cause the Company to have a tangible net worth of at least $1.00 at all times. The Support Agreement provides that it shall not be deemed to constitute a direct or indirect guarantee of IBM to any party of the payment of the principal of, or interest on, any indebtedness, liability or obligation of the Company. The Support Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated while there is outstanding any debt of the Company, unless all holders of such debt have consented in writing.
IBM provides collection, administration and other services and products for the Company and is reimbursed for the cost of these services and products. The Company is compensated for services performed for IBM, primarily for management of IBM's state and local government installment receivable portfolio, the fees for which are reflected in other income. Additionally, the Company is compensated for the tax benefits resulting from tax deferrals generated through January 1, 1993, by leasing transactions, and the fees are i