ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Allegheny Power System, Inc. (APS), incorporated in Maryland in 1925, is an electric utility holding company that derives substantially all of its income from the electric utility operations of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (Subsidiaries), Monongahela Power Company (Monongahela), The Potomac Edison Company (Potomac Edison), West Penn Power Company (West Penn), and Allegheny Generating Company (AGC). The properties of the Subsidiaries are located in Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia, are interconnected, and are operated as a single integrated electric utility system (System), which is interconnected with all neighboring utility systems. The three electric utility operating Subsidiaries are Monongahela, Potomac Edison, and West Penn (Operating Subsidiaries).
Monongahela, incorporated in Ohio in 1924, operates in northern West Virginia and an adjacent portion of Ohio. It also owns generating capacity in Pennsylvania. Monongahela serves about 340,700 customers in a service area of about 11,900 square miles with a population of about 710,000. The seven largest communities served have populations ranging from 10,900 to 33,900. On December 31, 1993, Monongahela had 1,962 employees. Its service area has navigable waterways and substantial deposits of bituminous coal, glass sand, natural gas, rock salt, and other natural resources. Its service area's principal industries produce coal, chemicals, iron and steel, fabricated products, wood products, and glass. There are two municipal electric distribution systems and two rural electric cooperative associations in its service area. Except for one of the cooperatives, they purchase all of their power from Monongahela.
Potomac Edison, incorporated in Maryland in 1923 and in Virginia in 1974, operates in portions of Maryland, Virginia, and West Virginia. It also owns generating capacity in Pennsylvania. Potomac Edison serves about 354,300 customers in a service area of about 7,300 squ