es. None of the Operating Subsidiaries are required to obtain hazardous waste treatment, storage or disposal permits under RCRA. With a continued effort to reduce hazardous waste, disposal costs and potential environmental liability should be minimized.
Potomac Edison has received a notice from the Maryland Department of the Environment (MDE) regarding a remediation ordered under Maryland law at a facility previously owned by Potomac Edison. The MDE has identified Potomac Edison as a potentially responsible party under Maryland law. Remediation is currently being implemented by the current owner of the facility in Frederick, Maryland. It is not anticipated that Potomac Edison's share of remediation costs, if any, will be substantial.
Emerging Environmental Issues
Title I of the CAAA establishes an ozone transport region consisting of 11 northeast states including Maryland and Pennsylvania. Sources within the region will be required to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions, a precursor of ozone, to a level conducive to attainment of the ambient ozone standard. The first step for Title I compliance will result in the installation of low nitrogen oxide burners and potentially overfire air at all Pennsylvania and Maryland stations by 1995. This is compatible with Title IV nitrogen oxide reduction requirements. Modeling studies being conducted by the states will determine if a second step of reductions will be necessary which could require installation of post- combustion control technologies.
- 28 -
Title III of the CAAA requires EPA to conduct studies of toxic air pollutants from utility plants to determine if emission controls are necessary. EPA's reports are expected to be submitted to Congress in late 1995.
The impact of Titles I and III on the Operating Subsidiaries is unknown at this time.
Both the CWA and the RCRA are expected to be reauthorized in 1994. It is anticipated that coal combustion byproducts will continue to be regulated as nonhazardous waste, minimizing th