 financial condition or results of operations of the Company. From time to time, the Company is involved in proceedings, or takes remedial or other actions, relating to environmental matters. In one instance, the United States Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has directed one of the Company's subsidiaries to investigate potential releases into the environment and, if necessary, to perform corrective action. The subsidiary appealed the EPA's action. On February 4, 1994, the EPA Environmental Appeals Board
remanded the matter to the EPA for further proceedings. One-half of any costs associated with any such investigation or corrective action would be reimbursed to the Company under a contractual obligation of a former joint owner of the subsidiary. The outcome of this matter cannot be reasonably predicted. Accordingly, no provision for the cost of performing any required investigation and corrective action has been recorded on the books of the Company. Management believes the cost to perform any investigation and corrective action, if eventually required, will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations of the Company.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The Company owns or leases approximately 150 facilities throughout the United States and Canada. Its corporate headquarters is located in Carthage, Missouri. The Company's most important physical properties are its owned or leased manufacturing plants. Such plants include five wire drawing mills in Missouri, Florida, Kentucky, Indiana and Massachusetts; welded steel tubing mills in Mississippi and Tennessee; and an aluminum smelting plant in Alabama. All of these mills manufacture some products which are either transferred to and used by the Company's other manufacturing plants, or are sold to others. Other major manufacturing plants are located in Alabama, Arkansas, California, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri,