y the transactions and financial position of the Company. They were developed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances.
Management has established internal control systems and procedures, including an internal audit function, to provide reasonable assurance that assets are maintained and accounted for in accordance with its authorizations and that transactions are recorded in a manner to ensure reliable financial information. The Company has a formally stated and communicated policy demanding of employees high ethical standards in their conduct of its business.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is composed of outside directors who meet regularly with management, internal auditors, and independent
auditors to review audit plans and fees, independence of auditors, internal controls, financial reports, and related matters. The Committee has unrestricted access to the independent and internal auditors with or without management attendance.
/S/Timothy C. Brown /S/Phillip J. Stuecker
Timothy C. Brown Phillip J. Stuecker President and Vice President of Finance Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Secretary
Louisville, Kentucky February 10, 1994
Independent Auditors' Report
The Board of Directors and Shareholders Thomas Industries Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Thomas Industries Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for the year then ended.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. The consolidated financial statements of Thomas Industries Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1992 and for the years ended December 31, 1992 and 1991, were audited by other auditors whose report thereon dated February 11, 1993, exp