s that use incentive pricing below total cost have been negotiated with industrial customers to keep these customers on the System. These contracts and tariffs have generally resulted in increased KWH sales at lower margins over incremental cost. While the System operating companies anticipate they will be successful in renegotiating such contracts, they cannot assure that they will be successful or that future revenues will not be lost to other forms of generation. To date, through these efforts, Entergy has been largely successful in retaining its industrial load. This competitive challenge could increase.
Cogeneration is generally defined as the combined production of electricity and steam. Cogenerated power may be either sold by its producer to the local utility at its avoided cost under PURPA, or utilized by the cogenerator to displace purchases from the utility. To the extent that cogeneration is used by industrial customers to meet their own power requirements, the System may suffer loss of industrial load. Cogenerated power delivered to the System would be purchased at avoided cost, which for a number of years is expected to be equivalent to avoided energy cost, and as such, the cost of these purchases would not impact earnings. To date, only a few cogeneration facilities have been installed in areas served by the System, excluding GSU. The primary purpose of these facilities is to displace power that was purchased from the System. The economic advantage to the customer is generally due to the customer having waste products that can be used as fuel. Presently, the loss of load to cogeneration and the amount of cogenerated power delivered under PURPA to the System (excluding GSU) is not significant. The System is prepared to participate (subject to regulatory approval) in various phases of the design, construction, procurement, and ownership of cogeneration facilities. The System has entered into several cogeneration deferral agreements with certain of its re