or originated by Associates National Bank (Delaware), a subsidiary of First Capital.
The interest rates currently charged on all types of consumer finance receivables average approximately 16% simple interest per annum. At December 31, 1993, the interest rates charged on approximately 38% of the net consumer finance receivables outstanding varied during the term of the contract at specified intervals in relation to a base rate established at the time the loan was made. State laws establish maximum allowable finance charges for certain consumer loans; approximately 91% of the outstanding gross consumer finance receivables were either not subject to such state maximums, or if subject, such maximum finance charges did not, in most cases, materially restrict the interest rates charged. Original maturities of residential real estate-secured receivables average 147 months and original maturities of other consumer receivables, excluding credit card and manufactured housing receivables, average 35 months. Original maturities of manufactured housing receivables average 240 months.
Commercial Finance
Commercial finance consists of the purchase of time sales obligations and leases, direct leases and secured direct loans, and sales of other financial services, including automobile club, mortgage banking and relocation services. In addition, First Capital offers insurance to its commercial finance customers.
The types of equipment financed or leased are heavy-duty trucks, truck trailers, autos and other transportation equipment, construction equipment, machinery used in various manufacturing and distribution processes and communications equipment. Except for lease transactions in which First Capital owns the equipment, liens on the equipment financed secure the receivables. In many cases, First Capital obtains the endorsement or a full or limited repurchase agreement of the seller or the manufacturer of the goods, and in some cases, a portion of the purchase price of the install