 impact on either earnings or equity as a result of adopting SFAS No. 115.
Energy Tax
The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 signed into law on August 10, 1993, imposes a 4.3 cent per gallon tax on commercial aviation jet fuel purchased for use in domestic operations. This new fuel tax will become effective October 1, 1995, and is scheduled to continue until October 1, 1998. Based on United's 1993 domestic fuel consumption of 1.7 billion gallons, the new fuel tax, when effective, is expected to increase United's operating expenses by approximately $75 million annually.
Foreign Currency Transactions
United generates revenues and incurs expenses in numerous foreign currencies; however, United has limited exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations due to its ability to convert excess local currencies generated to U.S. dollars. In addition, United has exposure to transaction gains and losses resulting from rate fluctuation. The foreign exchange gains and losses recorded in recent years, including losses recorded in early 1993, were primarily the result of the impact of exchange rate changes on unhedged Japanese yen-denominated long-term debt, lease obligations and current liabilities, since the aggregate balance of such liabilities exceeded United's yen-denominated assets. During 1993, United increased the amount of its yen-denominated assets to minimize the impact of foreign exchange rate changes on reported financial results.
Sale of Flight Kitchens
In the third quarter of 1993, United reached agreements to sell assets related to the operation of 16 of its flight kitchens to Dobbs International Services, Inc. and Caterair International Corp. for $119 million. Under the agreements, the purchasers will provide catering services for United at the airports served by the flight kitchens for seven years. United expects the catering agreement to result in savings of approximately $320 million over its term, before taking into account the severance payments resulti