ectly to the leases and wells under terms of operating agreements. Development costs were furnished to us by Santa Fe and are based on authorizations for expenditure for the proposed work or actual costs for similar projects. The current operating and development costs were held constant throughout the life of the properties. For properties located onshore, this study does not consider the salvage value of the lease equipment or the abandonment cost since both are relatively insignificant and tend to offset each other. The estimated net cost of abandonment after salvage was considered for offshore properties where abandonment costs net of salvage are significant. The estimates of the offshore net abandonment costs furnished by Santa Fe were accepted without independent verification.
No deduction was made for indirect costs such as general administration and overhead expenses, loan repayments, interest expenses, and exploration and development prepayments. No attempt has been made to quantify or otherwise account for any accumulated gas production imbalances that may exist.
Our reserve estimates are based upon a study of the properties in which the Trust has interests; however, we have not made any field examination of the properties. No consideration was given in this report to potential environmental liabilities which may exist nor were any costs included for potential liability to restore and clean up damages, if any, caused by past operating practices. Santa Fe informed us that it has furnished us all of the accounts, records, geological and engineering data and reports and other data required for our investigation. The ownership interests, terms of the Trust, prices, taxes, and other factual data furnished to us in connection with our investigation were accepted as represented. The estimates presented in this report are based on data available through July, 1993.
The reserves included in this report are estimates only and should not be construed as being exact q