Item 1.BUSINESS - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERAL
AEP was incorporated under the laws of the State of New York in 1906 and reorganized in 1925. It is a public utility holding company which owns, directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding common stock of its operating electric utility subsidiaries. Substantially all of the operating revenues of AEP and its subsidiaries are derived from the furnishing of electric service.
The service area of AEP's electric utility subsidiaries covers portions of the states of Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee, Virginia and West Virginia. The generating and transmission facilities of AEP's subsidiaries are physically interconnected, and their operations are coordinated, as a single integrated electric utility system. Transmission networks are interconnected with extensive distribution facilities in the territories served. At December 31, 1993, the subsidiaries of AEP had a total of 20,007 employees. AEP, as such, has no employees. The principal operating subsidiaries of AEP are:
APCo (organized in Virginia in 1926), which is engaged in the generation, purchase, transmission and distribution of electric power to approximately 838,000 customers in the southwestern portion of Virginia and southern West Virginia, and in supplying electric power at wholesale to other electric utility companies and municipalities in those states and in Tennessee. At December 31, 1993, APCo and its wholly owned subsidiaries had 4,587 employees. A generating subsidiary of APCo, Kanawha Valley Power Company, which owns and operates under Federal license three hydroelectric generating stations located on Government lands adjacent to Government- owned navigation dams on the Kanawha River in West Virginia, sells its net output to APCo. Among the principal industries served by APCo are coal mining, primary metals, chemicals, textiles, paper, stone, clay, glass and concrete products and furnitur