ject to abandonment proceedings by FERC.
Research
AP&L, GSU, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI are members of the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI). EPRI conducts a broad range of research in major technical fields related to the electric utility industry. Entergy participates in various EPRI projects, based on its needs and available resources. During 1991, 1992, and 1993, the System, including GSU, contributed approximately $12 million, $16 million, and $17 million, respectively, for the various research programs in which Entergy was involved.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties
Refer to Item 1. "Business - Property," incorporated herein by reference, for information regarding the properties of the registrants.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Refer to Item 1. "Business - Rate Matters and Regulation," incorporated herein by reference, for details of the registrants' material rate proceedings and other regulatory proceedings and litigation that are pending or that terminated in the fourth quarter of 1993.
Item 4.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
A consent in lieu of a special meeting of common stockholders of Entergy-GSU Holdings, Inc. (Holdings) was executed on December 30, 1993, pursuant to a Delaware statute that permits such a procedure. The consent was signed on behalf of Entergy Corporation and GSU, which at that time owned all of the outstanding common stock of Holdings. The common stockholders acted to: (1) increase the number of directors from 2 to 18 upon the occurrence of the combination of Entergy Corporation and GSU, such expanded board to consist of Edwin Lupberger and Joseph Donnelly, who continued as directors, and the following new directors: W. Frank Blount; John A. Cooper, Jr.; Brooke H. Duncan; Lucie J. Fjeldstad; Kaneaster Hodges, Jr.; Robert v.d. Luft; Adm. Kinnaird R. McKee; Paul W. Murrill; James R. Nichols; Eugene H. Owen; John N. Palmer, Sr.; Robert D. Pugh; H. Duke Shackelford; Wm. Clifford Smith; Bismark A. Steinhagen; an