nt's Discussion and Analysis - Financial Services Business, Savings Institution Regulation".
FDICIA made a number of significant changes to the statutory and regulatory framework within which Equity Bank and the Company, as a savings and loan holding company, must operate. Among the more significant regulations is that FDICIA requires the federal banking regulators to take prompt corrective action if an institution fails to satisfy certain minimum capital requirements. Under FDICIA, capital requirements include a leverage limit, a risk-based capital requirement, and any other measure of capital deemed appropriate by the federal banking regulators for measuring the capital adequacy of an insured depository institution. Depending on its capital structure, an institution will be classified as "well capitalized", "adequately capitalized", "undercapitalized", "significantly undercapitalized" or "critically undercapitalized". A financial institution is considered "well capitalized" if it is under no regulatory order or action and its leverage ratio is at least 5% and its Tier 1 and Total Risk-Based Capital ratios are at least 6% and 10% respectively. Equity Bank is deemed "well capitalized" under these regulations.
FDICIA amended the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to prohibit insured depository institutions that are not well-capitalized from accepting brokered deposits unless a waiver has been obtained from the FDIC. FDICIA also directed the FDIC to establish a risk-based assessment system for deposit insurance. Pursuant to FDICIA, the federal bank regulatory agencies are required to adopt uniform regulations for real estate mortgage and construction loans. The federal bank regulatory agencies are required to biannually review risk-based capital standards to ensure that they adequately address interest rate risk, concentration of credit risk and risks from non- traditional activities.
The FDIC, which insures the deposits of Equity Bank, has adopted a regulation which provi