nt effected this change to standardize the accounting treatment of sales commissions throughout its consolidated cellular operations. These amounts will be expensed in the period in which they are incurred by the agent. In 1991, this change in accounting principle was retroactively applied as of January 1, 1991. Had the change not been made, 1991 net income before the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle would have increased $1,838,000.
REVENUE RECOGNITION
Revenues from operations primarily consist of charges to customers for monthly access charges, cellular airtime usage, and roamer charges. Revenues are recognized as services are rendered. Unbilled revenues, resulting from cellular service provided from the billing cycle date to the end of each month and from other cellular carriers' customers using the partnership's cellular systems for the last half of each month, are estimated and recorded as receivables. Unearned monthly access charges relating to the periods after month-end are deferred and netted against accounts receivable.
LOS ANGELES SMSA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP NASHVILLE/CLARKSVILLE MSA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP BATON ROUGE MSA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP NOTES TO UNAUDITED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)
INCOME TAXES
No provisions have been made for federal or state income taxes since such taxes, if any, are the responsibility of the individual partners.
3. LEASE COMMITMENTS:
Future minimum rental payments required under operating leases for real estate that have initial or remaining noncancellable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 1993, are as follows:
The initial lease terms generally range from 5 to 25 years with the majority of them having initial terms of 10 years and providing for one renewal option of 5 years and for rental escalation. Included in selling, general and administrative expense are rental costs of $7,897,000, $5,996,000 and $4,463,000 for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. One