 recorded as revenues until the houses have been completed and title delivered.
Levitt generally builds subdivisions on undeveloped suburban land having access to water and sewer services, although it does occasionally purchase fully developed land. Development plans must be approved by local authorities, which may take two years or more
after the signing of a purchase contract. See "Regulation of the Company's Activities," page 8.
Levitt provides home purchasers with warranties against construction defects for a period of up to two years from the date of purchase. In Puerto Rico there is a statutory warranty for certain construction defects which appear generally within ten years after completion.
Rental Apartment Development
In 1991, Levitt, in joint venture with an established apartment developer, constructed its first apartment project in Florida. This 224 unit apartment complex was completed and sold in 1992 to an institutional investor at a substantial profit. The Company and the joint venture partner have completed a second complex and have contracted to sell it to an institutional investor at a profit in 1994. A third development with Levitt's joint venture partner is scheduled to begin in the second quarter of 1994 and a fourth project is projected to begin in the last quarter of 1994.
Levitt's current policy is to develop, lease and sell the apartment projects and not hold them for investment. The apartment development program is an integral part of Levitt's business and is anticipated to provide it with a continuous source of income. It is the Company's plan to develop at least one or more apartment projects each year.
Mortgage Banking
Levitt Mortgage Corp. ("Mortgage") is a full service mortgage lender that processes and originates loans in Puerto Rico and processes mortgage loans domestically. Mortgage is a designated approved direct endorser of FHA loans in Puerto Rico but does not service loans.
In Puerto Rico, Mortgage also acts as a mortgage banker 