eviewed by the Board of Directors. Additionally, all loans greater than $1,000,000 which are more than sixty days past due are reviewed quarterly by the Association's Asset Classification Committee (see below). Since Northeast Savings originates primarily adjustable rate mortgage loans, management regularly monitors the status of this portfolio as compared with its total portfolio and reviews the corresponding loss experience. The impact of negative amortization type loans is considered in the review as well, although the Association has not originated any of these loans since July 1991. Trends are being closely monitored in the current recessionary environment, particularly in the Northeast and California, the Association's two primary market areas, to determine if any additional changes need to be made to either underwriting standards or to the allowance for loan losses.
Northeast Savings' monitoring process for the income property and commercial portfolios includes an annual review by loan personnel of all loans greater than $100,000, regardless of performance. In addition, on a monthly basis, the Board of Directors and senior management review specific loans and detailed delinquency information, including a review of loans which are less than $100,000 about which management has particular concerns and a review of loans to related parties. As a result of this monitoring process, approximately 97% of the income property loan portfolio is reviewed on a regular basis.
Finally, Northeast Savings has an Asset Classification Committee comprised of senior executive officers which meets quarterly to determine which loans should be classified as Pass, Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, or Loss. A brief description of these classifications follows:
A Pass loan is considered of sufficient quality to preclude a Special Mention or an adverse rating. Pass loans generally are well protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the value of the 