 Plotts. In 1993, the Audit Committee held four meetings to review with management, the internal auditor and HECO's independent auditors the activities of the internal auditor, the results of the annual audit by the independent auditor and the financial statements which are included in HECO's 1992 Annual Report to Stockholder. The Audit Committee holds such meetings as it deems advisable to review the financial operations of HECO.
REMUNERATION OF THE HECO DIRECTORS AND ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS
In 1993, William G. Foster (who passed away in October 1993), Mildred D. Kosaki and Paul C. Yuen were the only nonemployee directors of HECO who were not also directors of HEI. They were paid a retainer of $12,000, one-half of which was distributed in the common stock of HEI pursuant to the HEI Nonemployee Director Stock Plan and one-half of which was distributed in cash. The number of shares of stock distributed was based on a price of $38.27 per share, which is equal to the average of the daily high and low sales prices of HEI common stock for all trading days in March 1993, divided into $6,000, with a cash payment made in lieu of any fractional share. In addition, a fee of $700 was paid in cash to each director for each Board and Committee meeting attended by the director. The Chairman of the Audit Committee was paid an additional $100 for each Committee meeting attended.
In 1993, there were six regular bi-monthly meetings and one special meeting of the Board of Directors. All incumbent directors, except William G. Foster, attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and Committee on which they served.
HECO participates in the Nonemployee Director Retirement Plan described on page 7 of HEI's Definitive Proxy Statement, prepared for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 19, 1994, and filed herein as HEI Exhibit 22.
ITEM 12.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
HEI:
The information required under this ite