ates each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained upon extension of credit is based on management's credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral held varies, but may include deposits held in financial institutions; U.S. Treasury Securities; other marketable securities; real estate; accounts receivable; property, plant and equipment; and inventory.
Due to the close proximity and the nature of the markets served by the Group banks, the Company has both a geographic concentration as well as a concentration in the types of loans funded. Seven of the ten Group banks representing 81% of the Company's total loans at year-end are located within a 30-mile radius. At December 31, 1993, approximately 65% of the Company's loan portfolio consisted of real estate related loans.
Note 17
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments," requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. The resulting fair values may be significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rates and estimates of future cash flows.
Many of the Company's assets and liabilities are short-term financial instruments whose carrying values approximate fair value. These items include Cash and Due From Banks, Interest Bearing Balances with Other Banks, Federal Funds Sold, Federal Funds Purchased and Securities Sold Under Repurchase Agreements, and Other Short-term Borrowings. The methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the Company's other financial instruments are as follows:
Investment Securities - Fair values for investment securities are based on quoted market pric