 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
Board of Directors General American Transportation Corporation
We have audited the consolidated financial statements and related schedules of General American Transportation Corporation (a wholly-owned subsidiary of GATX Corporation) and subsidiaries listed in Item 14(a)(1) and (2) of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of General American Transportation Corporation for the year ended December 31, 1993. These financial statements and related schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and related schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and related schedules. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of General American Transportation Corporation and subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, it is our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
As discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, in 1992 t