sen facility.
Net rent expense aggregated $6 million in 1991, $9 million in 1992 and $8 million in 1993. At December 31, 1993, minimum rental commitments under the terms of noncancellable operating leases were as follows:
Legal proceedings
Lead pigment litigation. Since 1987, the Company, other past manufacturers of lead pigments for use in paint and lead-based paint and the Lead Industries Association have been named as defendants in various legal proceedings seeking damages for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the use of lead-based paints. Certain of these actions have been filed by or on behalf of large United States cities or their public housing authorities. These legal proceedings seek recovery under a variety of theories, including negligent product design, failure to warn, breach of warranty, conspiracy/concert of action, enterprise liability, market share liability, intentional tort, and fraud and misrepresentation.
The plaintiffs in these actions generally seek to impose on the defendants responsibility for lead paint abatement and asserted health concerns associated with the use of lead-based paints, which was permitted for interior residential use in the United States until 1973, including damages for personal injury, contribution and/or indemnification for medical expenses, medical monitoring expenses and costs for educational programs. Most of these legal proceedings are in various pre-trial stages; several are on appeal.
The Company believes that these actions are without merit, intends to continue to deny all allegations of wrongdoing and liability and to defend all actions vigorously. Considering the Company's previous involvement in the lead and lead pigment businesses, there can be no assurance that additional litigation similar to that currently pending will not be filed.
Environmental matters and litigation. Some of the Company's current and former facilities, including several divested secondary lead smelters and former m