---- William M. Shockley Controller
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
THE SHAREHOLDERS AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS SPS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.:
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of SPS Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, which financial statements are included on pages 4 through 19 of the 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders of SPS Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries and incorporated by reference herein. We have also audited the financial statement schedules as listed in Item 14(a)2 of this Form 10-K. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of SPS Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in 