subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Results of operations of companies purchased are included from the date of acquisition. Financial statements have been restated to include companies acquired under pooling of interests when material. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year classifications.
Securities--Purchases of investment securities are made with the intent and ability to hold them to maturity and are carried at cost, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount using a level yield method. Gains or losses on sales of investment securities are computed on the basis of specific identification of the adjusted cost of each security. Securities to be held for indefinite periods of time and not intended to be held to maturity or on a long-term basis are classified as available for sale and carried at market value. Securities held for indefinite periods of time may include securities that management intends to use as part of its asset/liability management strategy or have been acquired in business acquisitions and are designated to be sold. Trading account securities are carried at market. Valuation adjustments are included in other revenue in the consolidated statements of income.
Loans--Loans, which include lease financing receivables, are stated at the principal amount. Interest is accrued on all loans not discounted by applying the interest rate to the amount outstanding. On discounted loans, income is recognized on a basis which results in approximately level rates of return over the term of the loans. Loan origination and commitment fees and certain direct loan origination costs are being deferred where material and the net amount amortized as an adjustment of the related loans' yield. These amounts are being amortized over the contractual life of the related loans. Where it is not reasonable to expect that income will be realized, accru