 Trust Managers or a committee of the Trust Managers attended in person. In addition, the Trust Managers were reimbursed for their expenses incurred in connection with their duties as Trust Managers. Mr. Wolcott did not receive any compensation for his services as a Trust Manager.
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the compensation paid to the Trust's Chief Executive Officer since the commencement of his employment with the Trust on March 23, 1993 through December 31, 1993:
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE
- ---------------
(1) Mr. Wolcott's annualized salary for 1993 was $150,000.
No other executive officer's salary and bonus exceeded $100,000 for fiscal 1993. No executive officers or Trust Managers were granted Share options by the Trust.
The Trust has adopted a Retirement and Profit Sharing Plan (the "Profit Sharing Plan") for the benefit of employees of the Trust. Employees who were employed by the Trust on November 1, 1993, and who have attained the age of 21 are immediately eligible to participate in the Profit Sharing Plan. All other employees of the Trust are eligible to participate in the Plan after they have completed one year of service with the Trust and attained the age of 21.
ITEM 12.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
The following table sets forth certain information as to the number of Trust Shares beneficially owned by (a) each person (including any "group" as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) who is known by the Trust to own beneficially 5% or more of the Shares, (b) each Trust Manager, (c) each executive officer of the Trust, and (d) all executive officers of the Trust and Trust Managers as a group.
- ---------------
* Ownership is less than 1% of the outstanding Shares.
(1) This information was obtained from Amendment No. 2 to the Schedule 13D of American Holdings, Inc. dated March 16, 1994.
ITEM 13.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
The Trust ac