ompetitors.
In the Technologies segment, Dover competes globally against a few very large companies, primarily based in Japan or Europe. Within the other three segments, there are a few companies whose markets and competition are international, particularly Wittemann, AOT, Tipper Tie and Belvac.
International
For foreign sales and assets, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 22 of the 1993 Annual Report and information about the Company's Operations in Different Geographic Areas on page 27 of the 1993 Annual Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. Export sales of domestic operations were $392 million in 1993 and $432 million in 1992.
Although international operations are subject to certain risks, such as price and exchange rate fluctuations and other foreign governmental restrictions, Dover intends to increase its expansion into foreign markets, particularly with respect to its elevator business, as domestic markets mature.
The countries where most of Dover's foreign subsidiaries and affiliates are based are Canada, Great Britain and Germany.
- 5 - Environmental Matters
Dover believes its operations generally are in substantial compliance with applicable regulations. In some instances, particular plants and businesses have been the subject of administrative and legal proceedings with governmental agencies relating to the discharge or potential discharge of materials. Where necessary, these matters have been addressed with specific consent orders to achieve compliance. Dover believes that continued compliance will not have any material impact on the Company's financial position going forward and will not require significant capital expenditures beyond normal requirements.
Employees
The Company had approximately 20,500 employees as of December 31, 1993.
Item 2.


Item 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY
The number, type, location and size of the Company's properties are shown on the following charts, by segment.
The facilities are generally w