ility and adequacy of the electric bulk power supply in the southwest region of the United States. The Southwest Power Pool is a member of the North American Electric Reliability Council. AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI are also members of the Western Systems Power Pool.
Gas Property
As of December 31, 1993, NOPSI distributed and transported natural gas for distribution solely within the limits of the City of New Orleans through a total of 1,422 miles of gas distribution mains and 32 miles of gas transmission lines. NOPSI receives deliveries of natural gas for distribution purposes at 14 separate locations, including deliveries from United Gas Pipe Line Company (United) at six of these locations. Of the remaining delivery points, two are principally served by interstate suppliers and the remaining are served by intrastate suppliers.
As of December 31, 1993, the gas property of GSU was not material to GSU.
Titles
The System's generating stations are generally located on lands owned in fee simple. The greater portion of the transmission and distribution lines of the System operating companies has been constructed over lands of private owners pursuant to easements or on public highways and streets pursuant to appropriate permits. The rights of each company in the realty on which its properties are located are considered by it to be adequate for its use in the conduct of its business. Minor defects and irregularities customarily found in properties of like size and character exist, but such defects and irregularities do not materially impair the use of the properties affected thereby. The System operating companies generally have the right of eminent domain whereby they may, if necessary, perfect or secure titles to, or easements or servitudes on, privately-held lands used or to be used in their utility operations.
Substantially all the physical properties owned by each System operating company and System Energy are subject to the lien of the mortgage and deed of trust secu