Item 1. Business of Dresser. - ------ -------------------
Dresser Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (hereinafter "Dresser" or "Registrant" or the "Company") is a global supplier serving the total hydrocarbon energy stream, both upstream and downstream. Registrant's highly engineered and integrated products and technical services are primarily utilized in oil and gas drilling, production and transmission; gas distribution and power generation; gas processing; petroleum refining and marketing; and petrochemical production. Dresser was incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1956 as a successor to a Pennsylvania corporation organized in 1938 by the consolidation of S. R. Dresser Manufacturing Company and Clark Bros. Company. Both were carrying on businesses founded in 1880. Dresser's executive offices are located at 2001 Ross Avenue, Dallas, Texas 75201 (telephone number 214/740- 6000).
For the fiscal year ended October 31, 1993, consolidated sales and service revenues of Registrant amounted to $4,216 million. A majority of such revenues was derived from the sale of products and services to energy-oriented industries, including oil and gas exploration, drilling and production, gas transmission and distribution; petroleum and chemical processing; production of electricity; and marketing of petroleum products.
Registrant's operations are divided into three industry segments: Oilfield Services; Hydrocarbon Processing Industry; and Engineering Services.
Effective February 1, 1993, Registrant acquired the stock of Bredero Price Holding B.V. and its subsidiary companies ("Bredero Price"), a Netherlands based company that provides pipe coating for both onshore and offshore markets. These operations are included in the Oilfield Services segment.
Effective April 1, 1993, Registrant acquired TK Valve & Manufacturing, Inc. ("TK Valve"), a Texas corporation that supplies ball valves for the oil and gas production and transmission industry. These operations are al