n stock. During the year ended December 31, 1993 and the nine months ended December 31, 1992, respectively, Northeast Savings recorded dividend income on its FHLB investment in an aggregate amount of $2.4 million and $1.9 million for a yield of 7.58% and 7.72%, respectively.
Regulatory Capital and Other Requirements: Current Capital Regulations. The current OTS regulatory capital regulations require savings associations to meet three capital standards: (1) tangible core capital of 1.5% of adjusted total assets, (2) core capital (leverage ratio) of 3% of adjusted total assets, and (3) risk-based capital of 8% of risk-weighted assets. See "Proposed Leverage Ratio Requirement," "Final OTS Interest Rate Risk Component," and "Prompt Corrective Action."
In calculating tangible core capital, a savings association must deduct from capital most intangible assets. Core capital consists of tangible core capital plus certain intangible assets such as qualifying purchased mortgage servicing rights and certain qualifying supervisory goodwill which meets the requirements of FIRREA. Other than qualifying purchased mortgage servicing rights and certain qualifying supervisory goodwill as described below, intangible assets must be deducted from core capital unless they meet a three-part test relating to identifiability, marketability, and liquidity in which event they may be included in an amount up to 25% of core capital. On February 2, 1994, the OTS issued a final rule, effective March 4, 1994, which would permit the inclusion of purchased mortgage servicing rights in capital provided that those rights, in the aggregate, do not exceed 50% of core capital. This rule requires that all other intangibles, including core deposit intangibles with certain limited exceptions, be deducted from capital. This rule will have minimal impact on the Association since the Association's purchased mortgage servicing rights comprise less than 1.8% of core capital. In addition, the OTS will grandfather