thin six months. The historical average balance is assumed to decay at a rate of 5% per year. . Loans do not include the allowance for loan loss of $28.3 million. . Loans do not include non-accrual loans of $67.5 million.
Second, net interest income is also subject to fluctuations due to changes in interest rates if asset yields and liability costs are tied to different indexes and the relationship or basis between the indexes changes. Since the large majority of the Association's earning assets are indexed to United States treasury rates, the Association relies predominantly on retail deposits for a funding source and minimizes its reliance on wholesale funding sources tied to the London Interbank Offered Rate in order to minimize basis risk. Although retail deposit costs are not directly tied to treasury rates, retail deposit costs bear a generally predictable relationship to treasury rates. The proportion of total funding provided by retail deposits was 81.0% at December 31, 1993 compared to 87.5% and 97.7% at December 31 and March 31, 1992, respectively.
Third, net interest income may also fluctuate if asset yields and liability costs are not equally responsive to changes in interest rates as a result of pricing by competitors. Competition for deposits and loans from other financial institutions may require the Association to respond more quickly to changes in interest rates on new loans and more slowly to changes in interest rates on new deposits or vice versa. Typically, market competition has been slow to respond to changing rates on deposit products and fast to respond to changing rates on loan products. This difference in responsiveness can cause an expansion or contraction of the interest rate spread between loans and deposits and a change in net interest income.
During 1993, competitors in several markets lowered the initial rate on one year adjustable rate mortgages to levels that represented discounts relative to the fully indexed rate on such loans lar