ization of Property, Plant and Equipment. . . . . . . . 65
Schedule IX - Short-term Borrowings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66
Schedule X - Supplementary Income Statement Information. . . . 67
Supplemental Schedules Omitted
All other schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included elsewhere in the financial statements. MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ----------------------------------------------------
The financial statements in this report were prepared by management, which is responsible for their objectivity and integrity. The statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and, where appropriate, reflect informed estimates based on judgments of management. The responsibility of the Company's independent auditors is to render an independent report on the financial statements.
The Company's system of internal accounting controls is designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorizations, that transactions are recorded to permit the preparation of financial statements in conformity with orders of regulatory authorities and generally accepted accounting principles and that accountability for assets is maintained. The Company's system of internal controls has provided such reasonable assurances during the periods reported herein. The system includes written policies, procedures and guidelines, an organization structure that segregates duties and an established program for monitoring the system by internal auditors. In addition, Northwest Natural Gas Company has prepared and annually distributes to its management employees a Code of Ethics covering its policies for conducting business affairs in a lawful and ethical manner. Ongoing review programs are carried out to ensure compliance with these policies.
The Board of Directors,