 December 31, 1993, based on the quality of the loan portfolio at that date, further additions to the allowance may be necessary if market conditions continue to deteriorate.
Net charge-offs for the periods indicated by type of loan were:
The increases in single-family residential real estate loan net charge-offs were due to general economic conditions, particularly the recessions in New England and California which continued into 1993. The lingering recessionary environment has caused high rates of unemployment and reduced family income levels and has resulted in declining real estate values, increased delinquencies, and foreclosures. The increase in residential charge-offs, which began in late 1992 and continued into 1993, indicated that the risk in the residential loan portfolio was higher than indicated by previous analysis. As a result, management increased the provision for loan losses to $23.3 million for the year ended December 31, 1993. The increase in charge-offs on income property loans for the year ended December 31, 1993 resulted from the sale in April 1993 of the Association's portion of an income property loan participation. The Association's portion of this participation had been included in non-accrual loans since March 15, 1992.
Non-performing assets. The risks and uncertainties involved in originating loans may result in loans becoming non-performing assets. Non-performing assets include non-accrual loans and real estate and other assets acquired in settlement of loans.
The following table presents the Association's non-performing assets and restructured loans at the dates indicated.
Activity within the non-performing asset portfolio was as follows:
The above information is not available for the nine months ended December 31, 1992 or the year ended March 31, 1992.
The following table sets forth the effect of non-performing and restructured loans on interest income for the periods indicated.
As the level of non-performing assets has risen, the Asso