g legal proceedings to which the Company, St. Paul Federal or any of St. Paul Federal's subsidiaries was a party or of which any of their property was subject.
Item 4.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993, no matters were submitted to a vote of security holders through a solicitation of proxies or otherwise.
PART II
Item 5.
Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Information as to the principal market on which the Company's common stock is traded, the approximate number of holders of record as of December 31, 1993, and the Company's dividend record, and the high and low sales prices for each fiscal quarter is incorporated herein by reference from the inside back cover of the Company's 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
As of the close of business on March 18, 1994, St. Paul Bancorp stock price was $18 1/2.
Under Delaware law, the Company may pay dividends out of surplus or, in the event there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. Dividends may not be paid out of net profits, however, if the capital of the Company has been diminished to an amount less than the aggregate amount of capital represented by all classes of preferred stock. Dividends and other distributions of the Company's stock are subject to restrictions agreed upon by the Company in connection with the issuance of $34.5 million of subordinated notes in February, 1993 - See "NOTE R- Stockholders' Equity" in the 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
There are various restrictions on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. See Item 1. -- "Regulation -- Savings Institutions" and "NOTE R - Stockholders' Equity" and Management's Discussion and Analysis "Capital" incorporated herein by reference.
Item 6.
Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL 