nges short- term financing for the Company's operating subsidiaries. (See Part II, Item 8, Note 11.)
Energy Systems, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Agrico Cogeneration Corporation (Agrico), formerly owned a 25 megawatt cogeneration plant near Fresno, California. In December 1991, Agrico filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. In November 1992, Agrico entered into a settlement with
Pacific Gas & Electric Company (PG&E), the utility which purchased plant energy and capacity from Agrico, and Wellhead Electric Company (Wellhead), the contract operator of the Agrico plant, with respect to PG&E's claimed overpayments to Agrico for power purchased in 1990 and 1991. In January 1994, the California Public Utilities Commission's order approving Agrico's settlement with PG&E and Wellhead became final, and the U.S. Bankruptcy Court entered its order confirming Agrico's reorganization plan. The Court's order and the reorganization plan became final and the sale of Agrico's assets to Wellhead closed in February 1994. (See Part I, Item 3, and Part II, Item 8, Note 3.)
Pacific Square is engaged in real estate management, principally in connection with two office buildings in Portland and other Company-owned properties adjacent to those buildings. Pacific Square has entered into an agreement to sell its interests in the partnership that owns these buildings. (See Part I, Item 2, and Part II, Item 8, Note 2 and Note 12.)
Service Area - ------------
The Oregon Public Utility Commission (OPUC) has allocated to the Company as its exclusive service area a major portion of western Oregon, including most of the fertile Willamette Valley and the coastal area from Astoria to Coos Bay. The Company also holds certificates from the Washington Utilities and Transportation Commission (WUTC) granting it exclusive rights to serve portions of three Washington counties bordering the Columbia River. Gas service is provided in 95 cities