pany has not experienced major problems with obtaining zoning approval for cell sites or operating facilities and does not anticipate any such problems in the future which are or will be material to the Company and its subsidiaries as a whole. The Company's investment in property is small compared to its investment in licenses and equipment.
The Company leases approximately 39,000 square feet of office space for its headquarters in Chicago, Illinois.
The Company considers the properties owned or leased by it and its subsidiaries to be suitable and adequate for their respective business operations.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company is involved in a number of legal proceedings before the FCC and various state and federal courts. In some cases, the litigation involves disputes regarding rights to certain cellular telephone markets. The more significant proceedings affecting the Company are described in the following paragraphs.
LA STAR APPLICATION. Star Cellular Telephone Company, Inc. ("Star Cellular"), an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is a 49% owner of La Star Cellular Telephone Company ("La Star"), an applicant for a construction permit for a cellular system in St. Tammany Parish in the New Orleans MSA. In June 1992, the FCC affirmed an Administrative Law Judge's order which had granted the mutually exclusive application of New Orleans CGSA, Inc. ("NOCGSA") and dismissed La Star's application. The ground for the FCC's action was its finding that Star Cellular, and not the 51% owner, SJI Cellular, Inc. ("SJI"), in fact controlled La Star. La Star, TDS and the Company have appealed that order to the United States Court of Appeals of the District of Columbia Circuit and those appeals are pending.
In a footnote to its decision, the FCC stated, in part, that "Questions regarding the conduct of SJI and [the Company] in this case may be revisited in light of t