nspired among themselves to breach their duties as directors of PSL and to loot and waste corporate assets of PSL to benefit Southmark and its other subsidiaries and certain of the defendants (including Messrs. Phillips and Friedman), resulting in a required write-down of $25 million, PSL's insolvency and conservatorship. Such suit further alleged that the defendants caused
ITEM 10. TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND ADVISOR OF THE REGISTRANT (Continued)
Trustees (Continued)
PSL to make loans to, or enter into transactions with, Southmark, Southmark affiliates and others in violation of applicable state laws, and to make loans and investments that could not be included as assets on PSL's balance sheet to entities controlled by Charles H. Keating, Jr. It is also alleged that PSL's board of directors failed to convene meetings and delegated to Mr. Phillips authority to make decisions regarding loans, investments and other transfers and exchanges of PSL assets. In August 1993, five former directors of PSL, including Messrs. Phillips and Friedman, settled this lawsuit without admitting any liability.
Southmark Partnership Litigation. One of Southmark's principal businesses was real estate syndication and from 1981 to 1987 Southmark raised over $500 million in investments from limited partners of several hundred limited partnerships. Several lawsuits have been filed by investors against Messrs. Phillips and Friedman alleging breach of fiduciary duties. The following actions relate to and involve such activities.
In Adkisson, et al. v. Friedman et al., the plaintiffs, limited partners in a tax shelter partnership sponsored by Southmark, alleged violations of state consumer protection laws, negligence and fraud. This case was settled in July 1993 for a nominal payment.
In Sable et al. v. Southmark/Envicon Capital Corp. et al., the plaintiffs, limited partners in nine Southmark-sponsored limited partnerships, made several claims alleging breach of fiduciary duty and waste or 