 average interest rate on outstanding borrowings was 11.75%.
NOTE 5 - SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
Under the terms of the partnership agreement, the Company must obtain the consent of the Partners for any borrowing if, after giving effect to such borrowing, aggregate indebtedness equals or exceeds 33-1/3% of the sum of the Company's indebtedness and the Partners' capital accounts.
NOTE 6 - TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES
In the normal course of business, the Company engages in sales and purchases of manufactured products with the Partners and their affiliates. There are also various licensing, subcontracting, and servicing arrangements among the parties pursuant to the partnership and other agreements. Some of the agreements had planned expiration dates while others continue at the option of the Company or the Partners. Costs and charges under these arrangements are generally at normal and competitive market rates. In addition, certain administrative services of nominal value are provided at no cost to the Company.
A summary of transactions with the Partners and their affiliates is as follows (in thousands):
Amounts due from Partners consist of trade accounts and advances. The trade accounts represent the net balance arising from the sale or purchase of equipment and services to and from the Partners and do not accrue interest. Advances, which primarily represent cash in excess of the immediate working capital needs of the partnership, do not bear interest and have no repayment terms. Amounts due from (to) Partners are as follows (in thousands):
One partner continues to operate a foreign manufacturing company on behalf of the Company. Net gains(losses) of $644,000 in 1992, $(383,000) in 1991, and $701,000 in 1990 relating to this operation are included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.
NOTE 7 - PENSION PLANS AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Pension Plans
The Company has noncontributory pension plans covering substantially all U.S. and Canadian 