al statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and, as such, include amounts based on informed judgments and estimates made by management.
The financial statements have been audited by an independent accounting firm, which was given unrestricted access to all financial records and related data, including minutes of all meetings of stockholders, the board of directors and committees of the board. Management believes that all representations made to the independent auditors during their audit were valid and appropriate. The independent auditors' report is presented on page 93.
Internal Control
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an effective internal control structure over financial reporting presented in conformity with both generally accepted accounting principles and, as pertaining to Northeast Savings, F.A., the Office of Thrift Supervision Instructions for Thrift Financial Reports (TFR instructions). The structure contains monitoring mechanisms, and actions are taken to correct deficiencies identified.
There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any structure of internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control structure can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of an internal control structure may vary over time.
Management assessed the institution's internal control structure over financial reporting presented in conformity with both generally accepted accounting principles and TFR instructions as of December 31, 1993. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in "Internal Control-Integrated Framework," issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, manage