Currency (the "OCC"), which is the primary regulator for national banks, has adopted a final rule increasing the leverage ratio requirements for all but the most highly rated national banks. Pursuant to FIRREA, the OTS is required to issue capital standards for savings institutions that are no less stringent than those applicable to national banks. Accordingly, savings institutions must maintain a leverage ratio (defined as the ratio of core capital to adjusted total assets) of between 4% and 5%. The OTS indicated in the final rule that it intended to lower the leverage ratio requirement (in its prompt corrective action regulation) to 3.0% from the current level of 4.0%, on July 1, 1994. If this rule and the interest rate component discussed above were in effect at December 31, 1993, BankAtlantic believes it would be in full compliance with the new rules and would have risk-based capital substantially in excess of applicable risk-based capital requirements.
The OTS also issued a final rule, effective March 1, 1994, which excludes core deposit intangibles ("CDIs") in the determination of regulatory capital. As BankAtlantic's CDIs have been fully amortized at December 31, 1993, BankAtlantic is not currently effected by this exclusion from capital.
Insurance of Accounts - BankAtlantic's deposits are insured by the SAIF up to $100,000 for each insured account holder, the maximum amount currently permitted by law. Pursuant to the FDICIA, the FDIC adopted transitional regulations implementing risk-based insurance premiums that became effective on January 1, 1993. Under these regulations, institutions are divided into groups based on criteria consistent with those established pursuant to the prompt regulatory action provisions of the FDICIA (see "Savings Institution Regulations -- Prompt Regulatory Action" below). Each of these groups is further divided into three subgroups, based on a subjective evaluation of supervisory risk to the insurance fund posed by the institution