horities and the selection and training of qualified people. The design of internal control systems involves a balancing of estimated benefits against estimated costs. The system is monitored by an internal audit program. The scope and results of the internal audit function and the adequacy of the system of internal accounting controls are reviewed regularly by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
Management believes that the Company's system provides reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against material loss and that the Company's financial records permit the preparation of financial statements that are fairly presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ____________________
To the Shareholders of CBS Inc.:
We have audited the consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedules of CBS Inc. and subsidiaries listed in the index on page 14 of this Form 10-K. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of CBS Inc. and