napkins, facial tissue and baby wipes under a variety of trademarks, including Scott, Scottex, Cottonelle, Baby Fresh, Sujay (in Taiwan) and Andrex and Purex (in Hong Kong). In 1993 the Company began moving toward common branding of its products sold in this region. The Company's away-from-home products and product systems are also sold in several countries in this region.
The subsidiaries in Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan and Thailand are the largest marketers of sanitary tissue products in their respective countries. Sanitary tissue markets in this region are growing more rapidly than in the United States and Europe.
GENERAL
The Company generally maintains sanitary paper products inventories to meet the delivery requirements of its customers, and in most cases the backlog of customer orders is not significant in relation to sales. The Company has patents and patent applications which cover some of its sanitary paper products or the processes or equipment used in manufacturing them. The Company believes that the most significant of these patents and patent applications relate to certain processes for manufacturing its higher quality products and pulp. The trademarks for all major products are federally registered. The Company believes that such trademarks, as a whole, are material to its business.
PRINTING AND PUBLISHING PAPERS
S. D. Warren Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, manufactures commercial printing, publishing and specialty papers. Its principal products are high quality coated printing papers used for print advertising, annual reports, specialty magazines, catalogs and other printed communications; uncoated printing papers of various grades and qualities used for a wide range of printing purposes; coated and uncoated publishing papers used for textbooks, illustrated books and trade books; and specialty products, including pressure sensitive base material sold to EDP label manufacturers and an extensive line of flat and embossed release papers