rs, as NS has initiatives under way intended to win back truck business in aluminum, and several new movements of municipal solid waste are expected.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
INTERMODAL traffic rose 9%, and revenues (adjusted for the effect of the TCSC partnership) increased 10%, compared with 1992. Intermodal revenue growth in 1993 was led by a 21% increase in Triple Crown(RT) activity due to strong automotive shipments and expansion of service to the Northeast. Container revenues were up 6%, a smaller increase than previous years, reflecting reduced international traffic caused by continuing recessions in Europe and Japan. Trailer revenues were up 11%, boosted by gains from haulage arrangements with truckload carriers. Strong growth in intermodal traffic is expected in 1994 and for the next several years. TCSC should continue to grow as it expands to serve additional markets. Container traffic is expected to improve as recoveries overseas produce steady growth in international shipments. Trailer business also is expected to grow, as leading truckload carriers, such as Schneider National and J.B. Hunt, use rail for the long-haul portion of their shipments. During 1992, all six merchandise market groups showed improvement over 1991. Traffic volume increased 6% and revenues increased $159.4 million, or 7%. The largest revenue increases were in the automotive group, up $75.6 million, or 23%, over a weak 1991. The intermodal group was up $28.3 million, or 7%, over 1991, and the paper/forest and chemicals groups each reported 5% revenue gains. The growth in the automotive group was the result of a national rise in automobile production, especially increased production of popular models at plants which NS serves. All segments of intermodal traffic showed growth during 1992. Triple Crown(RT) (now TCSC), the fastest growing segment, which accounted for 24% of intermod