ceedings related to Entergy Power, see "Rate Matters and Regulation - Rate Matters - Wholesale Rate Matters - Entergy Power," below). Entergy Enterprises is a nonutility company that invests in businesses whose products and activities are of benefit to the System's utility business (see "Corporate Development," below). Entergy Enterprises also markets technical expertise developed by the System companies when it is not required in the System's operations. Entergy Enterprises has received SEC approval to provide services to certain nonutility companies in the System. In 1992 and 1993, several new Entergy Corporation subsidiaries were formed to participate in utility projects located outside the System's retail service territory, both domestically and in foreign countries (see "Corporate Development," below).
AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI own, in ownership percentages of 35%, 33%, 19%, and 13%, respectively, all of the common stock of System Fuels, a non-profit subsidiary, that implements and/or maintains certain programs to procure, deliver, and store fuel supplies for the System.
GSU has four wholly-owned subsidiaries: Varibus Corporation, GSG&T, Inc., Southern Gulf Railway Company, and Prudential Oil & Gas, Inc. Varibus Corporation operates intrastate gas pipelines in Louisiana, which are used primarily to transport fuel to two of GSU's generating stations, and has marketed computer-aided engineering and drafting technologies and related computer equipment and services. GSG&T, Inc. owns the Lewis Creek Station, a 532 MW (as of December 31, 1993) gas-fired generating plant, which is leased and operated by GSU. Southern Gulf Railway Company will own and operate several miles of rail track being constructed in Louisiana for the purpose of transporting coal for use as a boiler fuel at Nelson Unit 6. Prudential Oil & Gas, Inc., which was formerly in the business of exploring, developing, and operating oil and gas properties in Texas and Louisiana, is presently inactive.
E