 on the basis of financial accounting income instead of taxable income are accounted for substantially in accordance with the accounting procedures followed for ratemaking purposes.
Provisions for federal income tax were reduced in previous years by investment credits, and amounts equivalent to such credits were charged to income with concurrent credits to a deferred account, balances in which are being amortized over estimated service lives of the related properties.
POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS: The Company participates with affiliated companies in the System in a noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees, including officers. Benefits are based on the employee's years of service and compensation. The funding policy is to contribute annually at least the minimum amount required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and not more than can be deducted for federal income tax purposes.
The Company also provides partially contributory medical and life insurance plans for eligible retirees and dependents. Medical benefits, which comprise the largest component of the plans, are based upon an age and years-of-service vesting schedule and other plan provisions. The funding plan for these costs is to contribute to Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA) trust funds an amount equal to the annual cost as determined by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 106 (described below). Medical benefits are self-insured; the life insurance plan is paid through insurance premiums.
The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has prescribed the determination of annual pension and other postretirement benefits expenses in SFAS No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for Pensions", and SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions", respectively. Pursuant to SFAS No. 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation", regulatory deferrals of these benefit expenses are rec