ually owned by KLA and a subsidiary of Tioxide, owns and operates the Louisiana chloride process TiO2 plant formerly owned by KLA. Upon formation, the
joint venture obtained $216 million in new financing, which is collateralized by the partnership interests of the partners and substantially all of the assets of the joint venture. The new financing consists of two equal tranches, one attributable to each partner, and each tranche is serviced through (i) the purchase of the plant's TiO2 output in equal quantities by the partners and (ii) cash capital contributions. KLA has entered into an Offtake Agreement which requires the purchase of one-half of the TiO2 produced by the joint venture. Kronos' pro rata share of the joint venture debt is reflected as outstanding indebtedness of the Company because Kronos has guaranteed the purchase obligation relative to the debt service of its tranche. See Note 10.
The manufacturing joint venture is intended to be operated on a break-even basis and, accordingly, Kronos' transfer price for its share of the TiO2 produced is equal to its share of the joint venture's operating expenses (fixed and variable costs of production and interest expense). Kronos' share of the fixed and variable production costs are reported as cost of sales as the related TiO2 acquired from the joint venture is sold, and its share of the joint venture's interest expense is reported as a component of interest expense.
A summary balance sheet of the manufacturing joint venture is shown below.
NOTE 7 - OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS:
NOTE 8 - ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES:
NOTE 9 - OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES:
NOTE 10 - NOTES PAYABLE AND LONG-TERM DEBT:
In October 1993, NL issued $250 million principal amount of 11.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2003 and $188 million principal amount at maturity ($100 million proceeds at issuance) of 13% Senior Secured Discount Notes due 2005 (collectively, the "Notes"). The Notes are collateralized by a series of intercompany 