idends declared and high/low prices by quarter for the years 1993 and 1992.
The Company had 58,225 registered holders of common stock as of December 31, 1993.
The Charter and the Mortgage securing the Company's outstanding bonds contain restrictions on the payment of dividends on common stock which would become applicable if its capital and retained earnings fall below certain specific levels or if preferred stock dividends are in arrears.
The retained earnings available for dividends on common stock as of December 31, 1993 were approximately $223,814,000 under the most restrictive of these provisions.
While the Board of Directors intends to continue the practice of paying dividends quarterly, amounts and dates of such dividends as may be declared will necessarily be dependent upon the Company's future earnings, financial requirements, and other factors. For a further discussion of dividends, refer to the "Dividends" section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, incorporated by reference herein.
ITEM 6.
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
This information is contained on page 18 of the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders filed herein as Exhibit 13, which portion of such Annual Report is hereby incorporated by reference herein.
ITEM 7.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
This information is contained on pages 19 through 26 of the 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders filed herein as Exhibit 13, which portion of such Annual Report is hereby incorporated by reference herein. Refer to the "Competition" section of Part I herein for an update to the disclosure included in the "Competition" section of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations concerning strategies to mitigate the expected loss of revenues in 1995 due to the decision of a resale customer (ODEC) to purchase up to 1