oseph C. Feghali, Warren J. Keegan, Robert S. Holcombe and Robert S. Weiss, which was filed on May 27, 1992 in the Court of Chancery, State of Delaware, New Castle County. On May 29, 1992, another plaintiff, Alfred Schecter, separately filed a derivative complaint in Delaware Chancery Court that was essentially identical to the Lewis and Goldberg complaint. Lewis and Goldberg later amended their complaint, and the Delaware Chancery Court thereafter consolidated the Lewis and Goldberg and Schecter actions as In re The Cooper Companies, Inc. Litigation, Consolidated C.A. 12584, and designated Lewis and Goldberg's amended complaint as the operative complaint (the 'First Amended Derivative Complaint'). The First Amended Derivative Complaint alleges that certain directors of the Company and Gary A. Singer, as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors, caused or allowed the Company to be a party to the 'trading scheme' that was the subject of the Indictment. The First Amended Derivative Complaint also alleges that the defendants violated their fiduciary duties to the Company by not vigorously investigating the allegations of securities fraud. The First Amended Derivative Complaint requests that the Court order the defendants (other than the Company) to pay damages and expenses to the Company and certain of the defendants to disgorge their profits to the Company. On October 16, 1992, the defendants moved to dismiss the First Amended Derivative Complaint on grounds that such Complaint fails to comply with Delaware Chancery Court Rule 23.1 and that Count III of the First Amended Derivative Complaint fails to state a claim. The Company has been advised by the individual directors named as defendants that they believe they have meritorious defenses to this lawsuit and intend vigorously to defend against the allegations in the First Amended Derivative Complaint.
The Company was named as a nominal defendant in a purported shareholder derivative action entitled Bruce D. Sturman v. Ga