vironmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued an amended complaint adding the company as an additional defendant in an administrative proceeding under the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA). The proceeding seeks penalties of $171,000 from all defendants with respect to alleged improper storage and record keeping between 1980 and 1989 for certain transformers which contained polychlorinated biphenyls. The transformers, which the company sold in 1980, were located at the company's former hardboard siding mill in Doswell, Virginia. The company is currently negotiating with the EPA to settle the matter with no admission of liability or penalties.
In April 1992, the Georgia Department of Natural Resources, Environmental Protection Division issued a Notice of Violation to the company's Adel, Georgia particleboard plant citing violations of particulate emission standards. A consent order was entered into on September 18, 1992 assessing a $35,000 penalty and a stipulated penalty of $100 per day until the facility is in full compliance with particulate emission requirements. The Consent Order sets a compliance deadline of January 31, 1994. The Consent Order also requires that the company demonstrate that the facility is in compliance with regulations under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) regulations under the Clean Air Act. The company has submitted compliance data and is awaiting the State's concurrence that it satisfies the consent order requirements.
The company has undertaken a review of all its wood products facilities for compliance with the PSD regulations and has disclosed PSD compliance issues to certain state agencies and the EPA. The company and the State of Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) have entered into a consent agreement concerning PSD regulations at two company facilities in Mississippi involving penalties of $170,000. The State of Alabama has issued a compliance order with penalties totaling $100,000 for noncompliance 