bove for at least one year, is assuming the full responsibility of the position, is achieving satisfactory results and has a salary which exceeds the mid point between the minimum and standard amounts of salary grade 28, or
2. the employee has held the position of operating division manager with a salary grade of 18 or above for at least one year, is assuming the full responsibility of the position, is achieving satis- factory results and has a salary which exceeds the mid point between the minimum and standard amounts of salary grade 28.
COMPENSATION
1. Life insurance
2. Dependent medical insurance
3. Dependent dental insurance
4. Annual physical examination during employment
5. Five weeks vacation, unless length of service would warrant more.* Participants in the Plan are not entitled to pay for accrued vacation (or to vacation in lieu of such pay) in excess of what they would receive if they were not par- ticipants.
*Language clarified. Exhibit 10.2 (Cont'd)
6. Sick pay allowance of one year at full pay and one year at half pay, regardless of length of service.
PROCEDURE
1. The president of each of the operating companies, the Executive Director, Central Services and the APS, Inc. vice presidents shall submit to the chief executive officer the names of all eligible employees or reasons why an employee, otherwise eligible, should not be included, not less than 30 days prior to the employee's eligibility date.
2. The Vice President, Employee and Consumer Relations maintains an official list of employees included in the Executive Compensation Plan for all companies.
January 1, 1987
Exhibit 10.3
ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM, INC.
1993 ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN
I. PURPOSE OF THE INCENTIVE PLAN
To attract and retain first quality managers in a com- petitive job market and to reward superior performance.
II. ELIGIBILITY
The annual incentive plan is designed to reward participating executives for achieving key goals for the System and for the units for which they are responsible.
