rom the Insurer of the amounts payable under the Policy to the respective parties, as provided under Section D, above.
F. Termination of Agreement Part I of this Agreement shall terminate when the first of any of the following events occur: 1. Termination of the Employee's employment with the Employer prior to retirement; 2. The later of the Employee's actual retirement or ten years from the date of issuance of the Policy; 3. Performance of the Agreement's terms following the death of the Employee; 4. Failure by the Employer, for any reason, to make the premium contributions required under Section B of this Agreement;
G. Disposition of Policy Upon Termination of Agreement Upon the termination of Part I of this Agreement for any reason other than Section above, the Employee shall have a thirty (30) day option to satisfy the Collateral Assignment regarding the policy held by the Employer in accordance with the terms of this Paragraph G. The amount necessary to satisfy such Collateral Assignment shall be an amount equal to the total premium payments made, from time to time, greater than the amount of cash value under the Policy and, at the option of the Employee, either shall be paid directly by the Employee or through the Employer's collection from the cash value under the policy.
If the Policy shall then be encumbered by assignment, policy loan, or other means which have been the result of the Employer's actions, the Employer shall either remove such encumbrance, or reduce the amount necessary to satisfy the Collateral Assignment by the total amount of indebtedness outstanding against the Policy. If the Employee exercises his option to satisfy the Collateral Assignment, the Employer shall execute all necessary documents required by the Insurer to remove and satisfy the Collateral Assignment outstanding on the Policy. If the Employee does not exercise his option to satisfy the Collateral Assignment outstanding on the Policy, the Employee shall execute all documents ne