lready collected for decommissioning. Any remaining portion of the NEIL II proceeds after payment of decontamination costs will be available to pay excess property damage losses. Members of NEIL II pay annual premiums and are subject to assessments if losses exceed the accumulated funds available to the insurer. The Companies' present maximum assessment for NEIL II coverage for accidents at any covered nuclear facility occurring during a policy year would be approximately $12,100,000. The NEIL II policy is renewable yearly.
The Companies intend to maintain insurance against nuclear risks as described above as long as it is available. To the extent that replacement power, property damage, decontamination, decommissioning, repair and replacement costs and other such costs arising from a nuclear incident at any of the Companies' plants exceed the policy limits of the insurance from time to time in effect with respect to that plant, to the extent a nuclear incident is determined not to be covered by the Companies' insurance policies, or to the extent such insurance becomes unavailable in the future, the Companies would remain at risk for such costs.
The NRC requires nuclear power plant licensees to obtain minimum property insurance coverage of $1,060,000,000 or the amount generally available from private sources, whichever is less. The proceeds of this insurance are required to be used first to ensure that the licensed reactor is in a safe and stable condition and can be maintained in that condition so as to prevent any significant risk to the public health and
safety. Within 30 days of stabilization, the licensee is required to prepare and submit to the NRC a cleanup plan for approval. The plan is required to identify all cleanup operations necessary to decontaminate the reactor sufficiently to permit the resumption of operations or to commence decommissioning. Any property insurance proceeds not already expended to place the reactor in a safe and stable condition must