 administrative record to receive additional public comments on the selected remedy and the court stayed the action until the record is again closed.
Having completed the RIFS at Portland, the Company conducted predesign studies to explore the viability of the U.S. EPA's selected remedy pursuant to a June 1989 consent decree captioned U.S. v. NL Industries, Inc., Civ. No. 89-408, United States District Court for the District of Oregon. Subsequent to the completion of the predesign studies, the U.S. EPA issued notices of potential liability to approximately 20 PRPs, including the Company, directing them to perform the remedy, which was initially estimated to cost approximately $17 million, exclusive of administrative and overhead costs and any additional costs for the disposition of recycled materials from the site. In January 1992, the U.S. EPA issued unilateral administrative orders Docket No. 1091-01-10-106 to the Company and six other PRPs directing the performance of the remedy. The Company and others have commenced performance of the remedy and, through December 31, 1993, the Company and the PRPs had spent approximately $5.5 million. Based upon
- 14 - site operations to-date, the remedy is not proceeding in accordance with engineering expectations or cost projections; therefore, the Company and the other PRPs have met with the U.S. EPA to discuss alternative remedies. Pursuant to an interim allocation, the Company's share of remedial costs is approximately 50%. In November 1991, Gould Inc., the current owner of the site, filed an action, Gould Inc. v. NL Industries, Inc., No. 91-1091, United States District Court for the District of Oregon, against the Company for damages for alleged fraud in the sale of the smelter, rescission of the sale, past CERCLA response costs and a declaratory judgment allocating future response costs and $5 million in punitive damages. The court granted Gould's motion to amend the complaint to add additional defendants (adjoining curre