year. Subject to regulatory limitations, allowances (including bonus and extension allowances) not used by an owner for its own compliance may be sold or "banked" for future use or sale. Through an industry allowance pooling agreement, the Operating Subsidiaries will receive a total of approximately 570,000 bonus and extension allowances during Phase I. These allowances are in addition to the Table A allowances of approximately 356,000 per year.
As a result of EPA's 1993 auctioning of a number of Table A allowances retained from each utility's annual allotment, approximately 16,000 allowances were sold for the Operating Subsidiaries. Such auctions will be held every year for the foreseeable future and allowances sold thereby will result in a prorational allocation of revenues back to the Operating Subsidiaries. If some allowances offered at auction remain unsold, the balance will also be prorationally rebated to the utilities which contributed them. The proceeds from these auctions are expected to be relatively minimal and the Operating Subsidiaries plan to credit these proceeds against the capital cost of emission compliance activities, subject to regulatory approval. Other allowance trading activities may be undertaken by the Operating Subsidiaries once certain tax questions are answered and once studies to determine Phase II compliance strategy are completed.
In 1989, the West Virginia Air Pollution Control Commission approved the construction of a cogeneration facility in the vicinity of Rivesville, West Virginia. Emissions impact modeling for that facility raised concerns about the compliance status of Monongahela's Rivesville Station with the National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for sulfur dioxide. Pursuant to a consent order, Monongahela agreed to collect on- site meteorological data and conduct additional dispersion modeling in order to demonstrate compliance. The modeling study and a compliance strategy recommending construction of a new "good eng