ng the period of liquidation in the same manner and proportion as immediately before the dissolution. Following the payment of all debts and liabilities of the Partnership and all expenses of liquidation and subject to the right of the Winding-Up Party to set up such cash reserves as, and for so long as, it may deem reasonably necessary, the proceeds of the liquidation and any other funds and assets of the Partnership shall be distributed to the Partners (after deducting from the distributive share of a Partner any sum such Partner owes the Partnership) in accordance with Capital Account balances and Partnership Shares as provided in Section 7A hereof. Upon the completion of the liquidation of the Partnership and of the distribution of all Partnership assets, the Partnership shall terminate and the Winding-Up Party shall have the authority to execute any and all documents required in its judgment to effectuate the dissolution and termination of the Partnership.
12. Personal Property.
A. A Partner's interest in the Partnership shall be personal property for all purposes. All real and other Property owned by the Partnership shall be deemed to be owned by the Partnership as an entity (and may be held in the name of a nominee for the Partnership), and no Partner, individually, shall have any ownership of such Property. The Partners agree that the Property of the Partnership is not and will not be suitable for partition. Accordingly, each of the Partners hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights he may have to maintain any action for partition of any Property of the Partnership.
B. Whenever, either under this Agreement or under applicable law, it is provided that there shall be voting or approval by all Partners, each Partner shall vote in Partnership matters, insofar as is necessary, according to the ratio which his capital contribution to the Partnership as set forth on Exhibit A hereto bears to the combined capital contributions of all Partners to the Partnership a