uantities. They may or may not be actually recovered. Estimates of proved reserves may increase or decrease as a result of future operations of Santa Fe. Moreover, due to the nature of the Net Profits Royalties, a change in the future costs, or prices, or capital expenditures different from those projected herein may result in a change in the computed reserves and the Net Proceeds to the Trust even if there are no revisions or additions to the gross reserves attributed to the property.
The future production rates from properties now on production may be more or less than estimated because of changes in market demand or allowables set by regulatory bodies. In general, we estimate that gas production rates will continue to be the same as the average rate for the latest available 12 months of actual production until such time that the well or wells are incapable of producing at this rate. The well or wells are then projected to decline at their decreasing delivery capacity rate. Our general policy on estimates of future gas production rates is adjusted when necessary to reflect actual gas market conditions in specific cases. Properties which are not currently producing may start producing earlier or later than anticipated in our estimates of their future production rates.
The future prices received for the sale of the production may be higher or lower than the prices used in this report as described above, and the operating costs and other costs relating to such production may also increase or decrease from existing levels; however, such possible changes in prices and costs were, in accordance with rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, omitted from consideration in preparing this report.
RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM ENGINEERS
Neither Ryder Scott Company nor any of its employees has any interest in the subject properties and neither the employment to make this study nor the compensation is contingent on our estimates of reserves and future cash inflo