closure of the estimated fair value of certain financial instruments of Union Light. This information does not purport to be a valuation of Union Light as a whole.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each major class of financial instrument of Union Light as required by SFAS No. 107:
CASH, NOTES PAYABLE, ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ACCOUNTS PAYABLE. The carrying amount as reflected on the Balance Sheet approximates the fair value of these instruments due to the short period to maturity.
LONG-TERM DEBT. At December 31, 1993 and 1992, Union Light's first mortgage bonds had an estimated fair value of approximately $107,078,000 and $103,782,000, respectively. The aggregate fair value for the first mortgage bonds is based on the present value of future cash flows. The discount rate used approximates the incremental borrowing cost for similar instruments.
(7) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:
In December 1992, CG&E, PSI Resources, Inc. (PSI) and PSI Energy, Inc., PSI's principal subsidiary, an Indiana electric utility (PSI Energy), entered into an agreement which, as subsequently amended (the Merger Agreement) provides for the merger of PSI into a newly formed corporation named CINergy Corp. (CINergy) and the merger of a newly formed subsidiary of CINergy into CG&E. CINergy will become a holding company required to be registered under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 (PUHCA) with two operating subsidiaries, CG&E and PSI Energy. Union Light will remain a subsidiary of CG&E.
The merger will be accounted for as a "pooling of interests", and it is anticipated that the transaction will be completed in the third quarter of 1994. The merger is subject to approval by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and FERC. Shareholders of both companies approved the merger in November 1993.
FERC issued conditional approval of the CINergy merger in August 1993, but several intervenors, including The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio