g. Earnings in 1993 were also enhanced by several special items as well as by capital gains from the sale of marketable securities. The special items, which are not expected to recur in 1994, included a legal settlement with Viacom International Inc. (Viacom), an insurance settlement for hurricane damage to the Company's television station in Miami, a favorable Federal income tax audit settlement, and deferred tax benefits resulting from new Federal tax law.
Excluding the effect of the above noted special items and capital gains, the Company anticipates improved operating results in 1994 based on continuing solid audience ratings, improving advertiser demand and active cost control.
The Company continually updates its evaluations of environmental liabilities and the adequacy of the provisions made in prior years to cover asserted and unasserted environmental claims arising from the operations of its discontinued businesses. (There are no significant environmental claims known to the Company arising from its continuing operations.) In the Company's opinion, any additional liabilities that may result from such claims are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
The impact of inflation on the Company's financial statements in 1993 was not considered sufficient to warrant the inclusion of any additional current cost disclosures in these statements.
This Financial Commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to these financial statements. In addition, although the Commentary's Liquidity and Capital Resources section is based upon the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, certain data have been rearranged for purposes of clarification and, therefore, it should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Income from Continuing Operations and Net Income
The Company's sales in 1993 were 