h and development programs are currently focused on developing its next generation of C Series product and a scalable parallel product based on Hewlett-Packard Company's PA- RISC technology. A significant percentage of the Company's research and development investment is being devoted to software development. Convex intends to continue making substantial investments in research and development activities to enhance its competitive position. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 1991, 1992 and 1993, research and development expenses were $30 million, $33 million and $33 million, respectively.
COMPETITION
The computer business is intensely competitive and characterized by rapid technological advances in both hardware and software. The entire Convex product line competes with that of Cray Research, Inc. ("Cray"). Convex products compete with those IBM products which incorporate vector facilities. The Company's products also compete with systems offered by DEC. Each of these competitors is much larger than Convex and has substantial financial resources and a large installed base of customers. The Company also competes against several vendors who offer high-performance workstation and server products at relatively low prices.
Convex expects to see additional direct competition, both from established companies and new market entrants. New competition could result from existing computer vendors electing to address the Company's traditional markets with product offerings incorporating vector and parallel processing techniques. New competition may also result from vendors providing increasingly powerful workstation and server products which incorporate relatively inexpensive microprocessors. Finally, companies are continually evaluating new computer architectures, an example of which is massively parallel processors, which could be targeted at the same customers being served by Convex.
The potential impact on the Company's business of new products from Cray, IBM, DEC and o