perty, but rents on a month-to-month basis or leases its pier property used in its operations from the State of Hawaii under a revocable permit and two-year lease. It is expected that expiring leases will be renewed as necessary.
YB, HTB's subsidiary, currently owns four charter tugs, two doubledecked and six flatdecked barges and most of its shoreside equipment, including 20-foot containers, chassis, refrigerated containers, container vans, hi-lifts, flatracks, automobile racks and other related equipment.
YB has three- and four-year leases expiring at various dates in 1994 through 1995 for shoreside equipment (containers, flatracks and chassis) at a monthly cost of approximately $8,500.
YB owns no real property, but rents on a month-to-month basis or leases various pier property and warehouse facilities from the State of Hawaii under a revocable permit, or under a two-year or five-year lease. All lease terms began on January 1, 1992. It is expected that expiring leases will be renewed as necessary.
REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT
MPC. See Item 1, "Business--Other--Real estate--Malama Pacific Corp."
OTHER
HEIIC. See Item 1, "Business--Other--HEI Investment Corp."
LVI operates a windfarm on the island of Hawaii with a generating capability of 1.7 MW. LVI leases 78 acres of land for its windfarm.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Except as provided for below and in "Item 1. Business," there are no known pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to their respective businesses, to which HEI or any of its subsidiaries is a party or of which any of their property is the subject.
HECO POWER OUTAGE
On April 9, 1991, HECO experienced a power outage that affected all customers on the island of Oahu. One major transmission line was de-energized for routine maintenance when two major transmission lines tripped, causing another major transmission line to become overloaded and automatically trip. An island-wide power outage resulted. Power was restored