31, 1992 is not available.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)
As discussed earlier, the fair value estimate of financial instruments for which quoted market prices are unavailable is dependent upon the assumptions used. Consequently, those estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instruments. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented in the above fair value table do not necessarily represent the underlying value of the Company.
NOTE 22: RECONCILIATION OF REGULATORY REPORTS TO ACCOMPANYING CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following is a reconciliation of stockholders' equity and net income (loss) from regulatory reports furnished to the OTS to the accompanying consolidated financial statements:
NOTE 23: ACQUISITIONS
During fiscal 1982 and fiscal 1983, Northeast Savings acquired three savings and loan associations in FSLIC-assisted supervisory mergers accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. Supervisory goodwill, the excess of cost over net assets acquired, related to these acquisitions totaled $290,019,000.
In 1988, a portion of the supervisory goodwill related to 17 branch banking offices which were sold was eliminated and all goodwill related to Northeast Savings' 1987 non-supervisory acquisitions was eliminated in 1989 as a result of sales. In fiscal 1990, as a result of an analysis of the value of its remaining supervisory goodwill, Northeast Savings reduced supervisory goodwill by $109.4 million. This reduction was precipitated by several factors that had diminished the value of the Association's Connecticut and Massachusetts franchises. The primary factor was the impact of OTS regulations promulgated pursuant to FIRREA which require the deduction of a substantial portion of goodwill in calculating regulatory capital. Other factors included the passage of the Connecticut Interstat