The net loss per limited partnership interest is based upon the limited partnership interests outstanding at the end of the period (443,717). Deficit capital accounts will result, through the duration of the Partnership, in the recognition of net gain for financial reporting and income tax purposes.
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 95 requires the Partnership to present a statement which classifies receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing or financing activities. The required information has been segregated and accumulated according to the classifications specified in the pronouncement. Partnership distributions from unconsolidated ventures are considered cash flow from operating activities only to the extent of the Partnership's cumulative share of net earnings. In addition, the Partnership records amounts held in U.S. Government obligations and other securities at cost which approximates market.
For the purposes of these statements, the Partnership's policy is to consider all such amounts held with original maturities of three months or less (none at December 31, 1993 and 1992) as cash equivalents with any remaining amounts reflected as short-term investments.
Escrow deposits and restricted securities primarily represent cash and investments restricted as to their use by the Partnership.
Due to the uncertainty of the Partnership's ability to recover the net carrying value of the 125 Broad Street Building (note 3(c)(iv), 260 Franklin Street Building, Eastridge Mall, 21900 Burbank Boulevard Building, 9701 Wilshire Building, RiverEdge Place, California Plaza, Wells Fargo Center - IBM Tower, Villa Solana Apartments and Springbrook Shopping Center investment properties, the Partnership, or ventures, as the case may be, made, as a matter of prudent accounting practice, provisions for value impairment. A provision for value impairment was recorded at June 30, 1992 of $5,752,710 and $1,740,533 for Eastridge Mall and 219