, and to generate very high-quality renderings of the shapes so designed. During 1992, the CDRS software was ported to workstation platforms manufactured by IBM, and during 1993 it was ported to hardware platforms manufactured by Silicon Graphics. The CDRS systems also works efficiently on Sun machines with the Company's Freedom Series graphics accelerator and is expected to run on IBM and any other workstations equipped with the Company's accelerators as they are introduced to the market.
TRIPOS Associates, Inc. of St. Louis, Missouri, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, had a 20% increase in revenues during 1993, which was aided by the introduction of several new software products. TRIPOS acts as a Value Added Reseller (VAR) for several engineering workstation vendors.
MARKETING: - ---------
1. Visual Systems. Visual systems are primarily marketed by E&S or its -------------- agents, directly to end-users, sub-contractors, and prime contractors on a world-wide basis. In the civil airline market and specific segments of the British military market, the Company has had an exclusive working agreement with Rediffusion of Crawley, England. Rediffusion has recently been acquired by Thomson, which has indicated that the terms and conditions of the working agreement are unacceptable to it. Discussions are ongoing with respect to the continued relationship between the parties. These ongoing discussions may result in significant changes in the way in which the Company serves these markets (see Recent Developments). The Company has developed and continues to form marketing alliances in international markets. Such alliances are proving to be an effective method of reaching specific foreign markets.
- ---------- (4) SPARCstation/TM/ is a trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc. (5) Freedom Series/TM/is a trademark of the Company.
It is expected that other marketing alliances will be formed as new markets develop.
2. Graphics Accelerators and Software Systems. Graphics accelerato