of MP&L's rates in effect as of November l, 1993, and that would become effective in such five-year period except, among other things, for increases associated with the Least Cost Plan (discussed below), recovery of deferred Grand Gulf 1-related costs, recovery under the fuel adjustment clause, adjustments for certain taxes, and force majeure (defined to include, among other things, war, natural catastrophes, and high inflation).
Recovery of Grand Gulf 1 Costs. The MPSC's Final Order on Rehearing, issued in 1985, affirmed by the United States Supreme Court in 1988, and subsequently revised in 1988, granted MP&L an annual base rate increase of approximately $326.5 million in connection with its allocated share of Grand Gulf 1 costs. The Final Order on Rehearing also provided for the deferral of a portion of such costs that were incurred each year through 1992, and recovery of these deferrals over a period of six years ending in 1998. As of December 31, 1993, the uncollected balance of MP&L's deferred costs was approximately $601.4 million. MP&L is permitted to recover the carrying charges on all deferred amounts on a current basis.
Incentive Rate Plan. In July 1993, the MPSC ordered MP&L to file a formulary incentive rate plan designed to allow for periodic small adjustments in rates based upon a comparison of earned to benchmark returns and upon performance factors incorporated in the plan. Pursuant to this order, on November 1, 1993, MP&L filed a proposed formula rate plan. MPSC was also expected to conduct a general review of MP&L's current rates in the course of approving an incentive rate plan.
On January 28, 1994, MP&L and the Mississippi Public Utilities Staff (MPUS) entered into a Joint Stipulation in this proceeding. Under the Joint Stipulation, MP&L and the MPUS agreed on a number of accounting adjustments for the test year ending June 30, 1993, (June 30 Test Year) that resulted in a reduction to MP&L's base rate revenues in the June 30 Test Year of approxi