Edge property. The EPA has asserted that a dam built to create a lake at the Community during the time the property was owned by the Seller was in violation of Section 404 of the Clean Water Act in that certain wetlands areas had been filled. Pursuant to a Consent Agreement and Order entered into with the EPA, the Partnership acquired certain land (at a cost of approximately $400,000) for which it has developed and implemented a plan of mitigation for the wetlands lost. In accordance with certain provisions of the Consent Agreement and Order, the Partnership must provide the EPA with periodic reports regarding the status of the mitigation plan. An agreement in principle has been reached to settle the dispute between the parties pursuant to which the EPA has agreed to assess a civil penalty of $125,000. The Partnership cannot assure that the settlement agreement in fact will be consummated. The Partnership is actively pursuing indemnification from the Seller for the total costs that will ultimately be incurred to resolve this issue. There can be no assurance that the Partnership will be reimbursed by the Seller.
The Partnership has been named as a defendant in a number of homeowner lawsuits, each of which has been filed in the Circuit Court of the 11th Judicial District for Dade County, Florida. Each of these suits allegedly in part arises out of or relates to Hurricane Andrew, which resulted in damage to, among other things, the Country Walk development in South Florida on August 24, 1992. A number of the homeowner lawsuits were brought by various plaintiffs in their individual capacity and other homeowner lawsuits were brought as purported class actions.
In general, the complaints in the homeowner lawsuits allege that the various plaintiffs and plaintiff classes purchased and owned homes and/or condominiums located in the Country Walk development and that the damage or destruction suffered by such homes and/or condominiums as a result of Hurricane Andrew was beyond