h the liability method which bases the amounts of current and future tax assets and liabilities on events recognized in the financial statements and on income tax laws and rates existing at the balance sheet date.
Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 109, the Company followed the provisions of Accounting Principles Board ("APB") No. 11, "Accounting for Income Taxes." For the years ended December 31, 1992 and 1991, the interperiod allocation of federal income taxes resulted in the provision of deferred income taxes provided for timing differences between financial and taxable income, principally attributable to accelerated tax depreciation. Investment tax credits allowed on certain qualified properties were deferred and are amortized to income over the estimated life of the related property.
CASH FLOWS AND CREDIT RISK
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company places its temporary cash investments with a high credit quality financial institution which, in turn, invests the temporary funds in a variety of high-quality financial securities. Concentrations of credit risk in trade receivables are limited due to the large customer base with relatively small individual account balances.
EARNINGS PER SHARE
Earnings per common share is based on net earnings available for common stock using the weighted average shares outstanding during each period. Fully diluted earnings per share is not presented because the relevant stock options are not significant.
ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES
In September 1993, the Company acquired the Rio Grande Valley Gas Company ("Rio Grande") for approximately $30,500,000. Rio Grande serves approximately 76,000 customers in the south Texas counties of Willacy, Cameron and Hidalgo which includes 32 towns and cities along the Mexico border, including Harlingen, McAllen and Brownsville (the southernmost city in the U.S.). The Company initially funded the purcha