d Charlotte, NC feet leasable
Professional Towers 128,125 square owned Louisville, KY feet leasable
Lennar Medical Professional Center 75,584 square owned Miami, FL feet leasable
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The following is a description of certain lawsuits to which the Company is a party.
Timothy J. Chelling vs. BFC Financial Corporation, Alan B. Levan, I.R.E. Advisors Series 21, Corp. and First Equity Corporation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Florida Case No. 89-1850-Civ Nesbitt. John D. Purcell and Debra A. Purcell vs. BFC Financial Corporation, Alan B. Levan, Scott Kranz, Frank Grieco, I.R.E. Advisors Series 23, Corp. and First Equity Corporation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 89-1284- Civ-Ryskamp. William A. Smith and Else M. Smith vs. BFC Financial Corporation, Alan B. Levan and I.R.E. Advisors Series 24, Corp. and First Equity Corporation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 89-1605- Civ-Marcus.
These actions were filed by the plaintiffs as class actions during September 1989, June 1989 and August 1989, respectively. The actions arose out of an Exchange Offer made by the Company to the limited partners of I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 21, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 23, and I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 24. The plaintiffs, who were limited partners of the above named partnerships who did not consent to the Exchange Offer, brought this action purportedly on behalf of all limited partners that did not consent to the Exchange Offer. The Exchange Offer was made through the solicitation of consents pursuant to a Proxy Statement/Prospectus dated February 14, 1989 and was approved by the holders of a majority of the limited partnership interests of each of the Partnerships in March 1989. Messrs. Levan, Grieco and Kranz served as individual general partners of each of the Partnerships, and Mr. Levan is the President and a director of the Company.
The plaintiffs alleg