ion of customers to increase their market share of commission dollars and other securities-related income. If the well-capitalized brokerage firms pursue these competitive strategies successfully, Schwab's new account growth, commission revenues and profit margins could be adversely affected.
Many of the large full-commission brokerage firms, as well as other financial institutions, including commercial banks and insurance companies, offer a wider range of services and financial products than does the Company. Particularly as financial services and products proliferate, to the extent such competitors are able to attract and retain customers on the basis of the convenience of one-stop shopping, the Company's business or its ability to grow could be adversely affected. Schwab's philosophy of generally refraining from directly recommending particular securities and its methods of marketing may cause it not to offer some of the financial products and services offered by others.
MARKETING AND PROMOTION
Advertising plays a crucial role in obtaining new customers, which have constituted an important source of revenue and revenue growth for the Company. The Company's advertising and market development expense for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 was $41 million, $34 million and $25 million, respectively. For the same years, the numbers of new accounts opened were approximately 706,000, 562,000 and 384,000, respectively. New account openings represent a significant portion of the growth in customer assets, which the Company believes is critical to growth in revenues. The Company estimates that accounts opened during 1993 generated 16% of total commission revenues during that year and that accounts opened during 1992 and 1991 generated 18% and 19% of total commission revenues during each of those years, respectively.
The branch office network also plays a key role in building Schwab's business. Many customers prefer to open accounts in person in Schwab branch 