ments of Capitalization).
The Company reached an agreement with the sole shareholder of the $8.75 Series of Preferred Stock, with a total stated value of $15 million, to issue an equivalent amount of the $7.125 Series of Preferred Stock in exchange for cancellation of the $8.75 Series, effective as of December 1, 1993.
Lines of Credit ---------------
Northwest Natural has available through September 30, 1994, lines of credit totalling $80 million consisting of a primary fixed amount of $40 million plus an excess amount of up to $40 million available as needed, at Northwest Natural's option, on a monthly basis. Under the terms of these bank lines, Northwest Natural pays a commitment fee but is not required to maintain compensating bank balances. The interest rates on borrowings under these lines of credit are based on current
market rates as negotiated. There were no outstanding balances as of December 31, 1993.
Financial Corporation has available through September 30, 1994, lines of credit with two commercial banks totalling $20 million, including $10 million committed and $10 million uncommitted. Financial Corporation pays a fee on the committed line but not on the uncommitted line; it is not required to maintain compensating bank balances on either line. The interest rates on borrowings under these lines of credit also are based on current market rates as negotiated. Financial Corporation's lines are supported by the unconditional guaranty of Northwest Natural. There were no outstanding balances as of December 31, 1993 under the Financial Corporation bank lines.
Commercial Paper ----------------
The Company's primary source of short-term funds is commercial paper. Both Northwest Natural and Financial Corporation issue commercial paper which is supported by the committed bank lines discussed above. Financial Corporation's commercial paper is unconditionally guarantied by Northwest Natural (see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Agrico Term Loan -----