ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
General Development of Business
EQK Green Acres Trust (the 'Trust' or the 'Company'), a Delaware business trust, was formed pursuant to a Certificate of Trust dated September 8, 1993. The Trust has an indefinite life and intends to elect real estate investment trust ('REIT') status under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Under the Internal Revenue Code, a real estate investment trust that meets applicable requirements is not subject to Federal income tax on that portion of its taxable income that is distributed to its shareholders. The principal executive offices of the Trust are located at Suite 800, One Tower Bridge, W. Conshohocken, Pennsylvania 19428, and the telephone number is (215) 941-2933.
On February 28, 1994, EQK Green Acres, L.P. (the 'Partnership') merged with and into Green Acres Mall Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Trust (the 'Merger'). Prior to February 28, 1994, the Trust did not have significant operations.
The Partnership was a Delaware limited partnership formed pursuant to a certificate of limited partnership dated June 30, 1986. Equitable Realty Portfolio Management, Inc. ('ERPM', successor in interest to EQK Partners), which is wholly owned by Equitable Real Estate Investment Management, Inc. ('Equitable Real Estate'), itself an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States ('Equitable'), acted as the advisor (the 'Advisor') to the Partnership.
The Partnership had been formed to acquire and operate Green Acres Mall (the 'Mall'), a regional shopping mall located in Nassau County, Long Island, New York. In 1991, the Partnership completed the conversion of a leased industrial building, located adjacent to the Property, into a convenience shopping center known as the Plaza at Green Acres (the 'Plaza'). The Mall and the Plaza are referred to collectively as the 'Property' and are described below and under Item 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
General. Green Acres Mall is 