d Liberty Pipeline project, a 38-mile pipeline extending from New Jersey across New York Harbor to Long Island with a potential capacity of 500 MMcf per day. The pipeline is expected to serve local distribution company participants and independent power producers. A filing to obtain a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity has been made and is currently pending before the FERC. Subject to receiving applicable governmental approvals, an in-service date of late 1995 is possible, at an estimated cost of $160 million.
ANR Pipeline (20% equity interest) and Interprovincial Pipe Line System Inc. plan to participate in the construction of the InterCoastal Pipe Line, a project designed to serve incremental markets in southern Ontario and
potentially Quebec and the Northeastern United States. The project will involve converting approximately 130 miles of existing oil pipeline to natural gas service, originating in Sarnia, Ontario and extending to Toronto, and the construction of approximately 25 miles of new pipeline. In connection with the project, facilities in Michigan will be constructed by ANR Pipeline to deliver gas from domestic sources. The project, which will have a maximum capacity of 175 MMcf per day, is projected to cost $37.6 million. The InterCoastal Pipe Line is subject to regulatory approval in Canada, and the ANR Pipeline facilities are subject to regulatory approvals in the United States. Filings seeking necessary authorizations from the NEB were made in the second quarter of 1993, and with the FERC on July 19, 1993. The project could be in service as early as November 1, 1994.
A subsidiary of ANR Pipeline and affiliates of TransCanada and Brooklyn Union Gas Company have entered into a partnership agreement for the construction of the Mayflower Pipeline, which is expected to expand natural gas sales and storage services to markets in the Northeastern United States. ANR Pipeline will have a 45% interest in this project. The proposed 240-mile pipelin