be subject to all the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
B. Payment of Premiums The Employer shall pay the entire annual premium for the Policy directly to the Insurer.
C. Collateral Assignment and Possession of Policy To secure repayment of premiums paid by and amounts due to the Employer provided for in Section B, above, and Sections D and E, below, Part II of this Agreement includes an assignment of the policy or the Employee's interest therein (hereinafter called "Collateral Assignment") and provides for the transfer of possession of the policy, and the right to receive from the carrier and possess billings and policy statements, to the Employer during the term specified in Part II of this Agreement. Except as provided in or as otherwise consistent with the provisions of this Agreement, the Employer covenants that it will not exercise its rights under the Collateral Assignment provisions of this Agreement in such a manner as to defeat the rights of the Employee or the policy beneficiary under this Agreement. Specifically, the Employer covenants that it will not surrender the Policy unless Part I of the Agreement has terminated as provided in Section G and there has been a default in Employee's obligation under Section H of this Part I. The Employer shall have possession of the Policy during the period that the Employer makes premium payments and until all amounts due the Employer are repaid. The Employer shall make the Policy available to the Insurer in order to make any change desired by the Employee as to the designation of beneficiary or the selection of a settlement option, subject, however, to the provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Assignment.
D. Beneficiary Designation and Payment of Policy Proceeds The Employee shall be entitled to a death benefit from the Policy in the amount required to provide an annuity equal to (under then current annuity settlement rates from the Insurer) the supplemental retirement benefit that would be 