r the management agreement, PSG Management is entitled to receive a management fee of $6,000,000 payable in equal monthly installments over the three year term of the agreement. The management agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by Nu-Med and its wholly-owned subsidiary, PsychGroup, Inc. the parent of the contracting subsidiaries which own the managed facilities. On January 6, 1993, Nu-Med (but not any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries) filed a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates filed a proof of claim in the Nu-Med Chapter 11 proceeding, and the bar date (the time for filing proofs of claims) has past. However, none of the Nu-Med subsidiaries has filed under Chapter 11, and the Nu-Med subsidiaries have paid the management fee on a timely basis, although representatives of Nu-Med and its subsidiaries have alleged in writing that PSG Management has breached the Management Services Agreement (which contention PSG Management vigorously disputes). Moreover, Nu-Med's Proposed Disclosure Statement to accompany its Second Amended Plan of Reorganization, filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Central District of California, indicates that PsychGroup, Inc. is commencing performance of certain administrative functions performed by PSG Management on a parallel basis.
The acquisition of HGA was accounted for as a purchase. Accordingly, the results of HGA's operations were included in the Company's consolidated results from acquisition date. Excess of cost over net assets acquired has initially been estimated to be $6,155,000, subject to purchase price adjustments per the sales agreement, and is being amortized over 30 years.
Had the acquisition of HGA occurred on November 1, 1991, the Company's unaudited pro forma combined net revenue, loss from continuing operations and loss from continuing operations per share would have been $95,320,000, ($15,586,000) and ($.56),