quarter of 1993 related to the bankruptcy of an international leasing company and financial difficulties of another customer.
Restructuring and Other Charges
With a substantial decline in order rates and revenue in the first half of 1993, in July the Company implemented a restructuring program designed to reduce annualized costs by $22 million and to increase the efficiency of the Company's operations. The restructuring also reflected a strategic decision to write down certain assets based on an analysis of future demand for both the C3800 and C3400 product families. The $32 million charge taken in the second quarter was comprised of $7 million for severance costs of approximately 185 employees, $22 million for costs associated with reducing factory capacity in the Richardson manufacturing facility and to write down certain of the Company's assets, and $3 million in miscellaneous and other charges. An additional $5 million charge was taken in the fourth quarter for the estimated cost of settling the 1991 class action lawsuit and for additional asset write-downs.
The $36 million restructuring charge involves cash expenditures of approximately $17 million, all funded from working capital. Of this amount, $9 million had been spent at the end of 1993 and the Company expects the remaining $8 million to be substantially spent by mid-1994. In addition, the Company estimates that it has reduced annual expenses by over $22 million. The expense reductions include payroll and benefit expenses of approximately $15 million, depreciation, rent and maintenance expenses of $5 million and $2 million of other expenses. There can be no assurance, however, that this program will improve the Company's financial performance.
The Company ended the year with 1006 employees, 158 fewer than the previous year with most of the reductions coming in the manufacturing area.
Other Income and Expense
Other income for 1993 was also unchanged from the previous year at $2 million expense. This item co