 and Louisville.
The economy improved in 1993, but the pace of recovery was still below the average of post-war recoveries. All merchandise commodity groups showed improvement over 1992. The biggest gains were in Intermodal, up $34.1 million (adjusted for the effect of the TCSC partnership with Conrail); Automotive, up $28.0 million; Metals/ Construction, up $19.8 million and Agriculture, up $18.3 million. There were smaller gains in Paper/Forest and Chemicals.
PAPER/FOREST traffic (including paper, paperboard, wood pulp, pulpwood, wood chips, lumber, kaolin clay and waste paper) accounted for 11 percent of NS' total transportation operating revenues and 13 percent of total revenue ton miles during 1993. Compared with 1992, Paper/Forest revenues increased 1 percent and revenue ton miles increased 3 percent.
Weak domestic and overseas demand for paper depressed NS shipments for much of the year. Lumber, however, posted a 4 percent gain in revenue due to a strong recovery in housing construction. Moderate growth, somewhat higher than industry production, is expected over the next few years due to growth in market share.
CHEMICALS traffic (including petroleum products, plastics, fertilizers, nonmetallic minerals, sulfur, chloral-alkali chemicals, rubber, miscellaneous chemicals and waste/hazardous chemicals) accounted for 11 percent of NS' total transportation operating revenues and 13 percent of total revenue ton miles during 1993. Compared with 1992, NS' total revenue for chemicals was up 0.3 percent and revenue ton miles increased 3 percent. The lower gain in revenue was due to a change in the mix of traffic.
Gains in general chemicals and plastics were offset by weakness in movements of export fertilizer due to sluggish conditions overseas. Stronger growth is expected in 1994 and beyond, paced by additional rail-truck distribution facilities for bulk chemicals. While environmental concerns could adversely affect production of pesticides and chlorine, increased envi