 manufactured housing and credit card receivables in amounts aggregating $496.0 million. The Corporation's subsidiaries continue to service the accounts for servicing fees which are comprised of the financial spread less estimated credit losses. Credit recourse is generally limited to future servicing income and certain balances maintained in trust for the benefit of investors. No gains or losses were recorded in connection with the sales.
FIRST MARYLAND BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)
The Corporation and its subsidiaries are defendants in various matters of litigation generally incidental to their respective businesses. In the opinion of management, based on its review with counsel of these matters to date, disposition of all matters will not materially affect the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.
18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Corporation has granted loans to certain of its executive officers, directors, principal holders of equity securities, and their associates (defined generally, as general partners of noncorporate entities, beneficial owners of at least 10% of equity securities of corporate borrowers, and members of their immediate families). Such loans are made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated persons and do not involve more than the normal risk of collectibility. The aggregate dollar amount of these loans, exclusive of loans not exceeding $60,000 in the aggregate to any one person, was $29,893,000 and $41,513,000 at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively. During 1993, $78,096,000 of new loans were made and repayments and other reductions totaled $89,716,000. At December 31, 1993, none of the loans outstanding were classified as nonaccrual, restructured or potential problem loans.
Following the termination of the Corporation's 