portation and exchange agreements with other companies.
ANR Pipeline's principal pipeline facilities at December 31, 1993 consisted of 12,657 miles of pipeline and 97 compressor stations with 1,069,788 installed horsepower. At December 31, 1993, the design peak day delivery capacity of the transmission system, considering supply sources, storage, markets and transportation for others, was approximately 5.6 Bcf per day.
Colorado is involved in all phases of the production, gathering, processing, transportation, storage and sale of natural gas. Colorado purchases and produces natural gas and makes sales of such gas principally to local gas distribution companies for resale. Separately, Colorado contracts to gather, process, transport and store natural gas owned by third parties.
Colorado's gas transmission system extends from gas production areas in the Texas Panhandle, western Oklahoma and western Kansas, northwesterly through eastern Colorado to the Denver area, and from production areas in Montana, Wyoming and Utah, southeasterly to the Denver area. Colorado's gas gathering and processing facilities are located throughout the production areas adjacent to its transmission system. Most of Colorado's gathering facilities connect directly to its transmission system, but some gathering systems are connected to other pipelines. Colorado also has certain gathering facilities located in New Mexico. Colorado owns four underground gas storage fields; three located in Colorado, and one in Kansas.
Colorado's principal pipeline facilities at December 31, 1993 consisted of 6,347 miles of pipeline and 65 compressor stations with approximately 346,000 installed horsepower. At December 31, 1993, the design peak day delivery capacity of the transmission system was approximately 2.0 Bcf per day. The underground storage facilities have a working capacity of approximately 29 Bcf per year and a peak day delivery capacity of approximately 769 MMcf.
The Company formed CGS as a wholly-owne