forfeitable, tradable options issued to third parties. Under this proposed Statement, the value of an employee stock option that does not vest is zero, and the value of an employee stock option that does vest is based on the length of time it remains outstanding rather than on the maximum term of the option, which may be considerably longer.
The proposed Statement has two effective dates. Its disclosure provisions would be effective for years beginning after December 31, 1993. Pro forma disclosure of the effects on net income and earnings per share of recognizing compensation cost for awards granted after December 31, 1993 would be required. The recognition provisions would be effective for awards granted after December 31, 1996. Until the FASB has issued a final Statement, management cannot determine the impact that implementation of such final Statement would have on the results of operations or financial condition of the Company.
On November 22, 1993, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) issued Statement of Position 93-6 (SOP 93-6), "Employers' Accounting for Employee Stock Ownership Plans." This SOP supersedes AICPA SOP 76-3, "Accounting Practices for Certain Employee Stock Ownership Plans," which was issued in December 1976. SOP 93-6 applies to all employers with ESOPs, both leveraged and nonleveraged and requires the following:
. Employers should report the issuance of new shares or the sale of treasury shares to the ESOP when the issuance or sale occurs and should report a corresponding charge to unearned ESOP shares, a contra-equity account.
. For ESOP shares committed to be released in a period to compensate employees directly, employers should recognize compensation cost equal to the fair value of the shares committed to be released.
. For ESOP shares committed to be released in a period to settle or fund liabilities for other employee benefits, such as an employer's match of employees' 401(k) contributions or an employer's obliga