rkets its products to its customers through a number of different distribution channels, including consumer finance branch offices, consumer bank branch offices, loan origination offices, retail merchants, independent insurance agents, direct mail and telemarketing, and retail securities brokerage offices.
1993 DEVELOPMENTS. In 1993 the Company's bankcard operations continued to grow, principally through the continuing success of the GM Card(sm). The GM Card is a general-purpose credit card which allows the users thereof to earn credit toward the purchase of new General Motors vehicles. The GM Card was publicly introduced in September 1992 and as of December 31, 1993, there were approximately 5.9 million accounts which had generated approximately $4.9 billion credit card receivables. As of this date, the GM Card accounts are generally active and are of high credit quality. In the fourth quarter, the Company announced expansion of its alliance with General Motors Corporation with the introduction of a GM Card from Vauxhall in the United Kingdom, permitting users to earn rebates toward the purchase of a new Vauxhall vehicle. The card will be issued by HFC Bank plc, the Company's principal operating subsidiary in the United Kingdom. Also in the fourth quarter, the Company announced an alliance to issue a new co-branded credit card with Charles Schwab & Co.
In 1993 Household International strengthened its capital base through the issuance of additional equity securities. In March 1993 the Company raised additional capital of approximately $269 million (net of issuance costs) through the sale of 4,025,000 shares of common stock (on a pre-split basis). In addition, during the year the Company issued approximately $44 million of common stock through employee benefit and dividend reinvestment plans. The Company also issued 4,000,000 depositary shares, with each depositary share representing a one-fortieth interest in a share of the Company's 7.35% Cumulative Preferred Stock