 over the next twelve hours.
The PUC initiated an investigation of the outage by its order dated April 16, 1991. This investigation was consolidated with a pending investigation of an outage that occurred in 1988. The PUC held an initial hearing on the April 9, 1991 outage in May 1991. In July 1991, HECO filed a report of its internal investigative task force with the PUC. The report indicated that the results of the investigation were inconclusive with respect to why one of the major lines tripped and recommended actions to strengthen system reliability. The parties to the investigation (HECO, Consumer Advocate and U.S. Department of Defense) agreed that HECO should retain an independent consultant to investigate the cause of the line trip. By an order dated October 23, 1991, the PUC approved HECO's retention of Power Technologies, Inc. (PTI) and directed that the objectives of the study be to assess the reliability and overall stability of HECO's electric power system, to identify possible weaknesses, deficiencies and conditions within the system that contributed to the island-wide power outage, and to recommend a plan to increase the reliability of HECO's system and minimize the occurrence of future island-wide outages. In its order, the PUC also stated that: "[n]either the [PUC] nor HECO nor any of the other parties to this docket is bound by PTI's report or analysis or is precluded from retaining other consultants."
In August 1993, PTI's report was submitted to the PUC. In its report, PTI made more than 100 recommendations for HECO to improve reliability, including selective use of herbicides to control the growth of trees under power lines. PTI said some recommendations are for implementation, some are for further
study and possible implementation and some are for consideration. Some of the recommendations relate to the 1991 outage and some do not.
PTI identified four recommendations as deserving immediate attention: (1) perform a detailed inspection of 138-ki