 tax expense of $484,000 reflecting the cumulative effect of adopting this new standard is included in 1993 net income. The adoption of SFAS No. 109 will not impact the effective tax rate. However, since SFAS No. 109 requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be adjusted to reflect the effect of tax law or rate changes, the outcome of future tax legislation may have an impact on future income tax expense.
The Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued a new accounting pronouncement "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993. The pronouncement requires securities be classified into three categories: (1) Held to Maturity, (2) Available for Sale, and (3) Trading. Category three is not applicable since the Company does not engage in securities trading. The criteria for maintaining securities in the "Held To Maturity" category are restrictive and the ability to sell a security in this category is very limited. Management believes to properly manage interest rate risks and liquidity it is prudent to place a portion (approximately 30%) of the investment portfolio into the "Available for Sale" category. This was done in January of 1994. See Note 1 in the Notes to Financial Statements. Securities remaining in the "Held To Maturity" category will be reported at amortized cost, without recognition of unrealized gains and losses, which is consistent with the Company's prior accounting practices. Securities in the "Available For Sale" category will be reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported as a separate component of shareholders' equity. When the statement was adopted in January 1994, it resulted in the addition, net of deferred taxes, of approximately $847,000, or 1.3%, to the Company's equity capital.
In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 114 - "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan." This state