were stayed while the Debtors continued business operations as debtors-in-possession. These claims are reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 1992, as liabilities subject to compromise. Additional unsecured claims classified as liabilities subject to compromise arose subsequent to the Petition Date resulting from rejection of executory contracts, including lease, management and franchise agreements, and from the determination by the Bankruptcy Court (or agreements by the parties in interest) to allow claims for contingencies and other disputed amounts. Enforcement of claims secured against the Debtors' assets ("secured claims") were also stayed although the holders of such claims have the right to move the Court for relief from the stay. Secured claims are secured primarily by liens on the Debtors' property, equipment and leasehold improvements and certain mortgages and other notes receivable.
PRIME HOSPITALITY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JULY 31, 1992 AND JUNE 30, 1992 AND 1991 (CONTINUED)
Creditors have asserted pre-and post-petition claims against the Debtors alleging liabilities of approximately $9 billion plus unliquidated amounts. The Company projects that the claims asserted against the Debtors will be resolved and reduced to an amount that approximates PMI's estimate of $706,250,000 recognized as liabilities subject to compromise as of June 30, 1992. PMI has filed motions objecting to those claims that are: (a) duplicative; (b) superseded by amended claims; (c) erroneously asserted against multiple Debtors; (d) not obligations of any of the Debtors; or (e) filed after the Bar Date (as hereinafter defined). Additionally, PMI otherwise has disputed a substantial number of the claims asserted against the Debtors and has filed objections to such claims. The Bankruptcy Court established May 15, 1991 (the "Bar Date") as the deadline for filing proofs of claim, except certain specified claims, 