 limit the permissible amount of income property loans that a federal association may make to 400% of an association's capital. Under FIRREA, federal regulations also limit the amount of commercial, corporate, or business loans a federal savings association may make to 10% of assets. Effective upon its enactment, the FDICIA increased the overall percentage of assets limit for consumer loans and high grade corporate debt from 30% to 35%.
Annual Independent Audits and Reporting Requirements. On June 2, 1993, the FDIC published final regulations and related guidelines implementing the management reporting, audit committee, and independent audit requirements of Section 112 of FDICIA. Under the final regulations and guidelines, all insured depository institutions with total assets at or above $500 million at the beginning of the fiscal year after December 31, 1992 must file an annual report with the FDIC, and the OTS as in the case of a federally chartered savings association such as Northeast Savings. The annual report would include financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that are audited by the institution's independent accountant. The report would also include a statement of management's responsibilities for establishing and maintaining an adequate internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting and for complying with laws and regulations relating to safety and soundness, including capital distribution restrictions and loans to insiders.
In addition, insured depository institutions with total assets at or above $500 million are required to establish an independent audit committee comprised of outside directors. Further, at least two audit committee members of institutions with total assets at or above $3 billion must have banking or related financial management expertise, and its audit committee must have access to outside counsel. The Association has surveyed the members of the audit committee and de