ns representing approximately 15% of its assets. The planned divestitures included units of its aerospace businesses, units of its instruments and transducer businesses, certain other non-strategic businesses and underutilized real estate holdings. In January 1994, the Company announced plans to include the Electro-Optical Systems operations in the asset divestiture program (See Note 2). As of December 31, 1993, the Company has sold its Heim Bearings, Aerospace and Barksdale Controls operations for proceeds of approximately $91 million, and thus has completed a significant portion of the asset divestiture program. These proceeds, net of related expenses, were used to repay senior debt in the amount of $81.9 million in 1993 in accordance with the terms of the restructured credit facilities (See Note 8).
Excluding the Electro-Optical Systems operations, the remaining assets to be sold in this program consist of a unit of the Company's instruments and transducer businesses, certain other non-strategic businesses and underutilized real estate holdings. The Company targets completion of the divestitures over the next 9 to 12 months. Based on current conditions, management now believes that certain of the remaining assets, both operating units and real estate, are unlikely to net the sale prices originally expected. Accordingly, the Company has deferred gains of $18.0 million on the assets divested during 1993 and has provided $10.1 million ($.60 per share) for the net loss now anticipated for the program as a whole. This amount was classified as an unusual charge in loss from continuing operations (See Note 6).
The operating units sold and the remaining assets to be sold as part of the asset divestiture program, except for the Electro-Optical Systems operations, have been grouped as a separate segment entitled Other for segment reporting purposes. See Note 10 for segment operating results for the years ending December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991. These units in total produce