Narrative Description of Business
Overview
The Company designs, manufactures and services pumps for the industrial, agricultural, commercial and consumer markets. The Company's pumps are manufactured for a broad range of uses in the chemical, petrochemical, refining, pulp and paper, utilities and mining industries, home water and sewage systems, agricultural irrigation and office building and other commercial applications.
The Company is organized into two groups: the Industrial Products Group ("IPG") and the Water Technologies Group ("WTG"). Prior to 1993, the Ag Turbine portion of the Vertical Products Division in Texas was part of the Industrial Products Group. In 1993, under the Company's restructuring plan, it became part of the Water Technologies Group.
Industrial Products Group
The Industrial Products Group represented approximately 57% of the Company's sales and 47% of operating earnings for 1993. The types of pumps manufactured for customers served by the Industrial Products Group include end-suction, double-suction, multistage, axial flow, vertical turbine, sump and slurry pumps to meet a wide variety of needs in the industrial and municipal markets including pumps designed for API and ANSI standards. The Company manufactures pumps from nonmetallic materials for applications where metal alloys are unsatisfactory or prohibitively expensive. The Company's vertical industrial turbine pumps are used throughout industries where space limitations or unsatisfactory suction conditions make the use of horizontal pumps impractical. The Company's slurry pumps serve the alumina and phosphate mining and minerals markets. Abrasion resistant pumps are manufactured for mining, utility and steel mill applications. The Company's Pump Repair and Overhaul (PRO) Service Centers play a role in customer service by rebuilding and repairing pumps and other rotating equipment produced by any manufacturer. The Company currently operates nine PRO Service Centers domestically and thre