ell maintained and suitable for the operations conducted and their productive capacity is adequate for current needs.
Item 3.
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Dover is party to a number of legal proceedings arising out of the normal course of its businesses. In general, most claims arise in connection with activities of its Elevator segment
- 6 - operations and certain of its other businesses which make products used by the public. In recent years, Dover has also been involved with the Internal Revenue Service regarding tax assessments for the eight years ended December 31, 1989 and certain patent litigation. In addition, matters have arisen under various environmental laws, as well as under local regulatory compliance agencies. For a further description of such matters, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 26 of the 1993 Annual Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Based on insurance availability, established reserves and periodic reviews of those matters, management is of the opinion that the ultimate resolution of current pending claims and known contingencies should not have a material adverse effect on Dover's financial position taken as a whole.
Item 4.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
Not applicable.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
All officers are elected annually at the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual meeting of stockholders and are subject to removal at any time by the Board of Directors. The executive officers of Dover as of March 11, 1994, and their positions with the Company for the past five years are as follows:
- 7 -
PART II
Item 5.
Item 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SECURITY HOLDER MATTERS
The principal market in which the Company's Common Stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange. Information on the high and low prices of such stock and the frequency and the amount of dividends paid during the last two years, is set forth on Pag