lable under the Credit Agreement by its terms was reduced to $950 million.
The Company is required to reduce to $50 million the amount of borrowings outstanding under the Revolver for at least 30 consecutive days in each 12-month period ending May 31. In December 1993 the Company met this requirement for the 12 months ending May 31, 1994. Commencing August 31, 1994, the Revolver is reduced by $8.3 million annually, with a final maturity on June 1, 2000. In addition, the Company is required to repay the full amount of each of its outstanding revolving loans at the end of each interest period (a maximum of six months). The Company may, however, immediately reborrow such amounts subject to compliance with applicable conditions of the Credit Agreement.
The Credit Agreement provides the Company with increased operating and financial flexibility, including the ability to shift from time to time a portion of borrowings among borrowers and currencies. As a result of the Refinancing there was a significant reduction in annual interest expense, which was partly offset by additional interest expense on the 12-3/4% Junior Subordinated Debentures exchanged for the 12-3/4% Exchangeable Preferred Stock. The Company believes that the amounts available from operating cash flows and under the Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet its expected cash needs, including planned capital expenditures.
As described in Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Credit Agreement contains various covenants that limit, among other things, indebtedness, dividends on and redemptions of capital stock of the Company, purchases and redemptions of other indebtedness of the Company (including its outstanding debentures and notes), rental expense, liens, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, disposal of assets, the use of proceeds from asset sales, and certain other business activities and require the Company to meet certain financial tests. In order to
maintain