(ii) the amount determined under the experience method. None of these limitations would have restricted the deduction for the addition to the reserve for bad debts available to BankAtlantic for 1993. BankAtlantic's reserve for bad debts included $6.6 million, for which no deferred income taxes have been provided at December 31, 1993.
To the extent that (i) a savings institution's reserve for losses on qualifying real property loans exceeds the amount that would have been allowed under the experience method and (ii) it makes distributions to shareholders that are considered to result in withdrawals from that excess bad debt reserve, then the amounts withdrawn will be included in its taxable income. The amount considered to be withdrawn by a distribution will be the amount of the distribution plus the amount necessary to pay the tax with respect to the withdrawal. Dividends paid out of the savings institution's current or accumulated earnings and profits, as calculated for federal income tax purposes, will not be considered to result in withdrawals from its bad debt reserves.
The Internal Revenue Service has examined the consolidated federal income tax returns of BankAtlantic through calendar year 1988.
In February 1992, FAS 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, was issued, and it significantly changes the method of accounting for deferred income taxes. The standard requires the use of the asset and liability method in accounting for income taxes and eliminates, on a prospective basis, the former exception for the provision of deferred income taxes on thrift bad debt reserves. BankAtlantic implemented, on a prospective basis, FAS 109 on January 1, 1993, and there was no cumulative effect adjustment required upon implementation.
New Tax Legislation - The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 (the "Omnibus Act") was passed by Congress and signed into law by the President during August, 1993. The Omnibus Act increased the maximum federal income tax rate applicable to Ban