e employee contributions, subject to applicable limitations. NS' expenses under this plan were $5.2 million, $4.9 million and $4.5 million in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
12. Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions
Norfolk Southern and certain subsidiaries provide specified health care and death benefits to eligible retired employees, principally salaried employees. Under the present plans, which may be amended or terminated at NS' option, a defined percentage of health care expenses is covered, reduced by any deductibles, co-payments, Medicare payments and, in some cases, coverage provided by other group insurance policies. The cost of such health care coverage to a retiree may be determined, in part, by the retiree's years of creditable service with NS prior to retirement. Death benefits are determined based on various factors, including, in some cases, salary at time of retirement. NS continues to fund benefit costs principally on a pay-as-you-go basis. However, in 1991, NS established a Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA) account to fund a portion of the cost of future health care benefits for retirees.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
12. Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions (continued)
For measurement purposes, a 12% annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits was assumed for 1993; the rate was assumed to decrease gradually to an ultimate rate of 6% for 2005 and remain at that level thereafter. The health care cost trend rate has a significant effect on the amounts reported in the financial statements. To illustrate, increasing the assumed health care cost trend rates by one percentage point in each year would increase the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 1993, by about $55.8 million and the aggregate of the service and i