gapore and Taiwan. Convex has contracted with OEMs and with full-service independent distributors in certain other countries, including Japan, Spain, South Korea, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Indonesia and India.
The Company attempts to ship product to its customers as promptly as practicable upon receipt of a purchase order and generally does not maintain a significant backlog. However, backlog for C3800 systems and upgrades was reported at approximately $42 million in 1991 and $20 million in 1992, which the Company believes was due to availability limitations. During 1993 the C3800 backlog declined to near zero and remained at that level through year-end. Adding to the difficulty of predicting future revenues, a significant portion of the Company's sales often occur in the last month of a fiscal quarter, a pattern that the Company believes is common in the computer industry and due in part to the budgetary cycles of its customers. Accordingly, revenues and net income have the potential to fluctuate on a quarterly basis depending upon the timing of orders and shipments.
Several of the Company's customers which are agencies of the U.S. government collectively accounted for approximately 16% of total revenue in 1993, approximately 13% of total revenue in 1992 and approximately 15% in 1991. During 1989, one distributor of the Company's products, Tokyo Electron Limited, accounted for 12% of total revenues. No single end-user customer has accounted for more than 10% of total revenues in the last five years.
SERVICE AND SUPPORT
The Company's direct service organization includes hardware engineers, technicians and software experts who provide customer assistance, support installations, conduct training classes, perform periodic maintenance and provide on-demand service and support in the event of any customer problems. Convex also provides a dial-in hotline and remote diagnostic capabilities to provide problem resolution from the Company's headquarters.
In 1992 the Company entere