 is included in Item 1, "Business" and certain encumbrances on its properties are described in Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein.
The real property owned by the Company with regard to its subsidiary pipelines is owned in fee and consists principally of sites for compressor and metering stations and microwave and terminal facilities. With respect to the subsidiary owned storage fields, the Company holds title to gas storage rights representing ownership of, or has long-term leases on, various subsurface strata and surface rights and also holds certain additional mineral rights. Under the NGA, the Company and its pipeline subsidiaries may acquire by the exercise of the right of eminent domain, through proceedings in United States District Courts or in state courts, necessary rights-of-way to construct, operate and maintain pipelines and necessary land or other property for compressor and other stations and equipment necessary to the operation of pipelines. All of the principal properties of ANR Pipeline are subject to the lien of its Mortgage and Deed of Trust dated as of September 1, 1948, securing its First Mortgage Pipe Line Bonds, and some of such properties are subject to "permitted liens" as defined in such Mortgage and Deed of Trust. The First Mortgage Pipe Line Bonds were retired in 1993 and ANR Pipeline is in the process of terminating the associated Mortgage and Deed of Trust.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
In December 1992, certain of Colorado's natural gas lessors in the West Panhandle Field filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, claiming underpayment, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud and negligent misrepresentation. Management believes that Colorado has numerous defenses to the lessors' claims, including (i) that the royalties were properly paid, (ii) that the majority of the claims were released by written agreement, and (iii) that the majority of the claims are barred by