 used in the production of man-made leather and other synthetic materials which are sold worldwide.
The subsidiary's printing and publishing papers are distributed mainly through selected independent wholesale paper distributors throughout the United States. Its specialty papers are for the most part sold directly to converters. The subsidiary does not maintain significant finished goods inventories and the backlog of customer orders is not significant in relation to sales.
The subsidiary competes in several markets against a large number of companies which vary substantially in size. It is one of the largest U.S. producers of high quality coated papers, release papers and pressure sensitive base material. In the subsidiary's markets the principal methods of competition generally include price, product quality and customer service. In many of these markets the subsidiary is believed to be helped by the Warren name and reputation, its coated paper manufacturing technology, strong market positions and a strong sales force with the ability to market products through selective distribution.
The Company and the subsidiary have patents and patent applications covering some of the subsidiary's products or the processes or equipment used in manufacturing them. Most of these patents or patent applications relate to release papers, paper coating and finishing methods. The trademarks for all of the subsidiary's major products are federally registered. The Company does not view such trademarks, except Warren and Somerset, as material to the subsidiary's business due to the nature of the markets in which its products are sold.
The S. D. Warren International Division of Scott Continental is a specialty papers business which sells electrophotographic offset masters, other reprographic products and release papers manufactured in the United States.
SUPPLY OF RAW MATERIAL
The Company's paper products are manufactured principally from wood pulp. The pulp mills and recycled fiber facil