 substations of the Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993:
(a) The System has a total of 5,203 miles of underground distribution lines.
(b) The substations have an aggregate transformer capacity of 37,512,771 kilovoltamperes.
(c) Total Bath County transmission lines, of which AGC owns an undivided 40% interest and Virginia Power owns the remainder.
The System has 11 extra-high-voltage (345 kV and above) (EHV) and 29 lower-voltage interconnections with neighboring utility systems. The interregional EHV transmission system, including System facilities, continues to experience periods of heavy loading in a west-to-east direction. Increases in customer load, power transfers by the Subsidiaries and by nonaffiliated entities, and parallel flows caused by transactions to which the Operating Subsidiaries are not a party, all contribute to the heavy west-to-east power flows. In late 1992 and early 1993, a substantial amount of reactive power sources (shunt capacitors) were added to neighboring eastern utilities' EHV systems. These capacitors complement the capacitors added in 1991 and 1992 on the System and together they serve to increase transfer capability by improving voltage on the transmission system during heavy loading periods.
While the additional capacitors installed by the Subsidiaries' eastern neighbors have enhanced transfer capability, the interregional transmission facilities are still expected periodically to operate up to their reliability limits; therefore, restrictions on transfers may still be necessary at times as was the case in recent years.
Under certain provisions of EPACT, wholesale generators, utility-owned or otherwise, may seek from System and other owners of bulk power transmission facilities a commitment to supply power transmission services, so long as the FERC finds reliability and native load and existing contractual customers are not adversely affected (See discussion under ITEM 1. SALES and REGULATION). Such demand on the System for transmis