mpany implemented several new marketing programs which, among other things, adjusted the method of commission payments and required larger down payments. However, the nationwide economic recession, which has been especially pronounced in the real estate industry, adverse publicity surrounding the industry which existed in 1990, the resulting, more stringent regulatory climate, and worldwide economic uncertainties have severely depressed retail land sales beginning in mid-1990 and continuing thereafter, resulting in a continuing liquidity crisis.
Because of this severe liquidity crisis, the Company ceased development work late in the third quarter of 1990 and did not resume development work until the third quarter of 1992. From September 29, 1990 through the fourth quarter of 1991, when the Company ceased selling undeveloped lots, sales of undeveloped lots were accounted for using the deposit method. Under this method, all payments were recorded as a customer deposit liability. In addition, because of the increasing trend in delinquencies during 1990, since the beginning of 1991, the Company has not recognized any sale until 20% of the contract sales price has been received. As a result, the reporting and recognition of revenues and profits on a portion of the Company's retail land sales contracts is being delayed. See Note 1 to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The continued economic recession and the increasing adverse effects of such recession on the Florida real estate industry not only resulted in the Company's sales remaining at depressed levels, but caused greater contract cancellations in 1991, particularly in the second half of the year, than were anticipated. Such cancellations required the Company to record an additional provision to its allowance for uncollectible sales of approximately $12,200,000 in the 1991 third quarter, impacting net income by approximately $8,900,000. While the Company is making every effort to reduce its cancellations, should this