mount included in the fixed charge must be borne by the pipeline. Colorado has incurred costs related to contract reformation and settlements of take-or-pay claims, a portion of which have been recovered under Order Nos. 500 and 528.
On April 8, 1992, the FERC issued Order Nos. 636, 636-A and 636-B (collectively "Order 636"), which required significant changes in the services provided by interstate natural gas pipelines. Subsidiaries of the Company and numerous other parties have sought judicial review of aspects of Order 636. Notwithstanding those appeals, ANR Pipeline, Colorado, WIC, ANR Storage and Great Lakes have successfully complied with the requirements of Order 636.
On July 2, 1993, Colorado submitted to the FERC an unanimous offer of settlement which resolved all the Order 636 restructuring issues which had been raised in its restructuring proceedings. That settlement was ultimately approved (except for minor issues), and Colorado's restructured services became effective October 1, 1993. Under that settlement, Colorado has "unbundled" its gas sales from its other services. Separate gathering, transportation, storage, no notice transportation and storage and other services are available on a "stand alone" basis to any customers desiring them. Colorado's Order 636 transition costs are not expected to be material and are expected to be recovered through Colorado's rates.
ANR Pipeline placed its restructured services under Order 636 into effect on November 1, 1993. ANR Pipeline now offers a wide range of "unbundled" transportation, storage and balancing services. Several persons, including
ANR Pipeline, have sought judicial review of aspects of the FERC's orders approving ANR Pipeline's restructuring filings. Order 636 also provides mechanisms for recovery of transition costs associated with compliance with that Order. These transition costs include gas supply realignment costs, the cost of stranded pipeline investment and the cost of new facilities required t