ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
INTRODUCTION
Coastal, acting through its subsidiaries, is a diversified energy holding company with subsidiary operations in natural gas marketing, processing, storage and transmission; petroleum refining, marketing and distribution; gas and oil exploration and production; coal mining; chemicals; independent power production; and trucking. The Company was incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1972 to become the successor parent, through a corporate restructuring, of a corporate enterprise founded in 1955. The Company employed approximately 16,000 persons as of December 31, 1993.
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993, are also filed by Coastal's subsidiaries, ANR Pipeline and Colorado, and by each of the six limited partnership oil and gas drilling programs, of which Coastal's subsidiary, Coastal Limited Ventures, Inc., is the managing general partner. Such reports contain additional details concerning the reporting organizations.
The operating revenues and operating profit of the Company by industry segment for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, and the related identifiable assets as of December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, are set forth in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. Information concerning inventories is set forth in Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein.
NATURAL GAS SYSTEMS
OPERATIONS
GENERAL
Natural gas operations involve the production, purchase, gathering, processing, transportation, balancing, storage and sale of natural gas to and for utilities, industrial customers, distributors, other pipeline companies and end-users.
ANR Pipeline is involved in the storage, transportation and balancing of natural gas. ANR Pipeline provides these services for various customers through its facilities located in Arkansas, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, Ohio, 