ndoned are charged or credited, net of salvage, to accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization. Gain or loss on sales of major property units is credited or charged to income.
GOODWILL - Goodwill, which primarily relates to the acquisitions of American Natural Resources Company and Colorado Interstate Gas Company, amounted to $563.3 million at December 31, 1993, and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over a 40-year period. Amortization expense charged to operations was approximately $19.0
million for 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. As warranted by facts and circumstances, the Company periodically assesses the recoverability of the cost of goodwill from future operating income.
INCOME TAXES - The Company follows the liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes as required by the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 - Accounting for Income Taxes.
REVENUE RECOGNITION - The Company's subsidiaries recognize revenues for the sale of their respective products in the period of delivery. Revenues for services are recognized in the period the services are provided.
CURRENCY TRANSLATION - The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for substantially all the Company's foreign operations. For those operations, all gains and losses from currency translations are included in income currently.
EARNINGS PER SHARE - Earnings (loss) per common and common equivalent share amounts are based on the average number of common and Class A common shares outstanding during each period, assuming conversion of preferred stocks which are common stock equivalents and exercise of all stock options having exercise prices less than the average market price of the common stock using the treasury stock method.
Average shares entering into the computations are:
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NO. 71 (FAS 71) - The interstate natural gas pipeline operations and certain storage subsidiaries are subject to the regulations and accounti