come taxes, if any. The Company also has alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of $5.2 million which are available to reduce Federal regular income taxes, if any, over an indefinite period.
12. Retirement Benefits The Company has a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering all eligible employees, with benefits based on years of service and the employee's highest three-year average monthly earnings. The Company's funding policy is intended to provide for both benefits attributed to service to-date and for those expected to be earned in the future. Plan assets consist primarily of stocks, bonds and short-term cash investments. Since the spin-off of the pension plan of a discontinued subsidiary in 1985 and the contribution of excess assets remaining after purchasing annuities for affected employees, the pension plan did not require funding through the year ended December 31,1992. A minimum amount of funding was required in 1993.
As a result of an early retirement incentive program and a reduction in force in 1992, benefit obligations of $4.2 million were settled from plan assets, including $1.1 million of early retirement incentive costs included in the restructuring charge described in Note 4. The settlement of the pension obligations related to the restructuring program resulted in a loss of $.3 million, which was also included in the restructuring charge.
The following tables set forth the plan's funded status and amounts recognized in the statements of financial position and results of operations at December 31:
The Company has postretirement medical and dental care plans for all eligible retirees and their dependents with eligibility based on age and years of service upon retirement. The Company also maintains a Medicare Part B reimbursement plan and life insurance coverage for a closed group of retirees of a former subsidiary for which estimated benefits of approximately $4.7 million were accrued at December 31, 1992. Effective January 1, 1993,