e of such distribution. Each distribution of cash or other assets of the Partnership made after dissolution of the Partnership shall be made in accordance with Section 11C. Distributions to the Partners will be made in such amounts and at such times as shall be determined by the General Partner.
E. The Partnership Shares of each of the Partners are as follows: 1% to the General Partner, 58.712% to Carlyle-XV Associates, L.P., and 40.288% to Carlyle-XVI Associates, L.P.
8. Powers, Rights and Duties of the Partners.
A. Except as otherwise provided herein, the General Partner alone shall have the full, exclusive and complete power, authority and responsibility to manage and control the affairs and funds of the Partnership in the ordinary course of its activities for the purposes herein stated, including the power to take (or omit) all or any such action as he may from time to time deem appropriate or desirable in connection therewith. In furtherance of the powers granted to the General Partner herein, and in no way in limitation thereof, the General Partner, for and on behalf of the Partnership, shall have full, exclusive and complete power and responsibility to enter into agreements of whatever nature necessary to effect the acquisition of the Partnership's assets, and such amendments and restatements thereof and supplements and modifications thereto as it amy consider to be in the best interests of the Partnership to perform all duties and obligations, and exercise all rights, as provided under such agreements in such manner as it may determine; to act on behalf of the Partnership in dealing with third parties and to manage, operate and undertake the funds and affairs of the Partnership for the purposes of conducting its business and of making, holding, conducting and disposing of assets and investments. The president or any vice president of the General Partner may act for and in the name of the Partnership in the exercise by the Partnership of any of its rights and