eleases of hazardous substances at the Mosley Road Landfill in Oklahoma ("the Mosley Site"). The recipients of such notification were: a) generators of industrial waste allegedly sent to the Mosley Site (including L&S), and b) the current owner/operator of the Mosley Site, Waste Management of Oklahoma ("WMO") (collectively, "PRPs"). Between February 20, and August 24, 1976, the Mosley Site was authorized to accept industrial hazardous waste. During this time, a number of industrial waste shipments allegedly were transported from L&S to the Mosley Site. In February 1990, EPA added the Mosley Site to the National Priorities List. WMO and the U.S. Air Force conducted the remedial investigation ("RI") and feasibility study ("FS"). It is too early to evaluate the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome of the matter for L&S. However, it is the PRP Group's position that WMO as the Mosley Site owner and operator should be responsible for at least half of total liability as the Mosley Site, and that 75% to 80% of the remaining liability, if allocated on a volumetric basis, should be assignable to the U.S. Air Force. The Company is unable at this time to estimate the amount of liability, if any, since the estimated costs of clean-up of the Mosley Site are continuing to change and the percentage of the total waste which were alleged to have been contributed to the Mosley Site by L&S has not yet been determined. If an action is brought against the Company in this matter, the Company intends to vigorously defend itself and assert the above position. Although there are no assurances to this effect, the Company is exploring whether it has insurance coverage for this claim. Insurance coverage, however, is not considered since it is not known whether insurance coverage will be provided in connection with this matter. The Company does not believe that the ultimate outcome of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of o