trademark bicycle brand is the largest selling brand of bicycles sold in the United States. The full line of Huffy registered trademark bicycles is produced by Huffy Bicycle Company, a division of the Company, whose manufacturing facilities are located in Celina, Ohio. Included in the Huffy registered trademark bicycle line are adult all purpose bicycles; adult all terrain bicycles; a series of innovative boys' and girls' 20" bicycles; and a series of popular children's 16" sidewalk bicycles. Huffy registered trademark bicycles are extensively advertised and are sold predominantly through national and regional high volume retailers, a distribution network accounting for approximately 75 to 80 percent of all bicycles sold in the United States. Over 90 percent of Huffy Bicycle Company's bicycles are sold under the Huffy registered trademark brand name with the balance being sold under private label brands.
Huffy Sports Company: Huffy Sports Company, a division of the Company, located in Waukesha, Wisconsin, is the leading supplier of basketball backboards, goals, and related products for use at home. Huffy Sports Company products, which bear the logo of the National Basketball Association ("NBA"), as well as the Huffy Sports registered trademark trademark, are sold predominantly through national and regional high volume retailers in the United States.
True Temper Hardware Company: True Temper Hardware Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is headquartered in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania. The Company acquired the True Temper Hardware business from certain affiliates of Black & Decker, Inc. in 1990. True Temper Hardware Company is one of three leading suppliers of non-powered lawn and garden tools, snow tools and cutting tools; products include long-handled shovels, hoes, forks, wheelbarrows, spreaders, snow shovels, rakes, hitched accessories, pruners, and grass shears for use in the home and in agricultural, industrial and commercial businesses. Manufacturing 