rd-party plaintiffs moved for reconsideration or for reversal of the dismissal.
In 1989 and 1990, the Housing Authority of New Orleans ("HANO") filed third-party complaints for indemnity and/or contribution against the pigment manufacturers and the LIA in 14 actions commenced by residents of HANO units seeking compensatory and punitive damages for injuries allegedly caused by lead pigment. The actions are pending in the Civil District Court for the Parish of Orleans, State of Louisiana. Subsequently, HANO agreed to dismiss all such complaints and to consolidate them for purposes of appeal. In March 1992, the Louisiana Court of Appeals, Fourth Circuit, dismissed HANO's appeal as untimely with respect to three of these cases. With respect to the other eight cases also included in the appeal, the court of appeals reversed the lower court decision dismissing the cases due to inadequate pleading of facts. These eight cases have been remanded to the district court for further proceedings. Discovery is proceeding.
In December 1991, the Company received a copy of a complaint filed in the Civil District Court for the Parish of Orleans seeking indemnification and/or contribution against the Company and eight other defendants for approximately $4.5 million in settlements paid to Housing Authority residents (Housing Authority of New Orleans v. Hoechst Celanese Corp., et al., No. 91-28067). These claims appear to be based upon the same theories which HANO had previously filed. The Company has not been served.
In June 1989, a complaint was filed in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, against the pigment manufacturers and the LIA. Plaintiffs seek damages, contribution and/or indemnity in an amount in excess of $50 million for monitoring and abating alleged lead paint hazards in public and private residential buildings, diagnosing and treating children allegedly exposed to lead paint in city buildings, the costs of educating city residents to the hazards