hort-term demand for the Company's products resulting, in part, from the introduction of new products or updates of existing products; and (iii) the fact that virtually all sales in a given quarter result from orders booked in that quarter. Due to the factors noted above, as well as the fact that the Company participates in a highly dynamic industry, the Company's revenues and earnings may be subject to significant volatility, particularly on a quarterly basis.
Additionally, the Company's net sales in the fourth quarter have been higher than in its other three quarters. Management believes that the pattern of higher fourth quarter sales is partially explained by customer buying patterns relating to calendar year-end business purchases and holiday period purchases. For a tabular presentation of certain quarterly financial data with respect to 1992 and 1993, see Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
ACQUISITION OF COMPUTERLAND BUSINESS
Through the ComputerLand Acquisition, Merisel now operates the ComputerLand Business, a leading master reseller of computer systems and related products from the major microcomputer manufacturers to a network of approximately 750 independently-owned computer products resellers, including ComputerLand franchisees and affiliated resellers purchasing through the Datago program. See "Business--ComputerLand Business."
For its fiscal year ended September 30, 1993, the ComputerLand Business generated net sales of $1.1 billion, gross profit of $54.7 million and income from operations of $16.6 million. Gross margin and SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales for this period were 5.1% and 3.6%, respectively, reflecting the lower margins and lower SG&A expenses incurred in the master reseller, or aggregator, business as compared to the Company's existing wholesale distribution business. The ComputerLand Business' operating margin as a percentage of sales for this period was 1.5%.
As a master reseller, the ComputerLand Business supp