evenues, net income and assets concerning this industry segment are set forth in the Trust's financial statements.
July 21, 1994
The rules and regulations adopted by various agencies of federal, state or local government relating to environmental controls in the development and operation of real property may operate to reduce the number of available investment opportunities or may adversely affect existing properties. While the Trust does not believe that environmental controls have had a material impact on its activities to date, there can be no assurance that the Trust will not be adversely affected in the future.
The Trust does not engage in research and development activities nor is it involved in any foreign operations. The Trust does not derive income from foreign sources.
ITEM 2:


ITEM 2: PROPERTIES
The following table sets forth certain information relating to properties owned by the Trust at September 30, 1993. All of the properties are suitable for the purpose for which they are designed and are being used.
ITEM 2: PROPERTIES (continued)
(1) Total cost before any reduction for valuation allowance related to investments and accumulated depreciation.
(2) All of the above properties are pledged as collateral, subject to existing liens, for the restructured debt.
July 21, 1994
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
At the time its Chapter 11 petition was filed in August 1993, the Trust was party to a number of lawsuits. Most involved ordinary disputes common to the real property management business, and amounts immaterial to the Trust's overall financial condition. In addition, the Trust was party to the lawsuits described below.
SHAREHOLDER B&B LITIGATION. In December, 1991, the Trust received notice of a pending action (the "Luebkeman Litigation") filed by a shareholder in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Sacramento ("Sacramento Superior Court") and seeking to maintain (a) a class action on behalf of all shareholders, and (b) a derivative