 recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. In addition, a security rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
Competition and Economic Factors
The Company is subject to competition from other financial institutions, including commercial banks, finance companies and leasing companies, some of which are larger than the Company and have greater financial resources, greater leverage ability and lower effective borrowing costs. These factors permit many competitors to provide financing at lower rates than the Company. In its commercial equipment leasing and commercial aircraft financing segments, the ability of the Company to compete in the marketplace is principally based on rates which the Company charges its customers, which rates are related to the Company's access to and cost of funds and to the ability of the Company to utilize tax benefits attendant to leasing. (See "Relationship With MDC.") Competitive factors also include, among other things, the Company's ability to be flexible in its financing arrangements with new and existing customers.
The Company has in the past obtained a significant portion of its leasing business and notes receivable in connection with the lease or sale of MDC aircraft. The Company's relationship with MDC has in many cases presented opportunities for such business and has caused MDC to offer to the Company substantially all of the notes receivable taken by MDC upon the sale of its aircraft. (See "Relationship With MDC".) In past years many customers have obtained their financing for MDC aircraft through sources other than the Company or MDC, reflecting a broader range of competitive financing alternatives available to MDC customers. However, the worldwide downturn in the airline business, together with the general tightening of credit has presented and may continue to present increased opportunities for aircraft