e shall execute all documents necessary to transfer ownership of the Policy to the Employer. Such transfer shall constitute satisfaction of any obligation the Employee has to the Employer with respect to this Agreement. The Employer shall then pay to the Employee the amount, if any, by which the cash surrender value of the Policy exceeds the amount necessary to satisfy the Collateral Assignment.
I. Employee's Right to Assign His/Her Interest Employee agrees not to sell, assign, surrender or otherwise terminate the policy while this Agreement is in effect without the consent of the Employer.
J. Insurer's Obligations The Insurer is not a party to this Agreement. It is understood by the parties hereto that in issuing such Policy of insurance, the Insurer shall have no liability except as set forth in the Policy and except as set forth in any assignment of the Policy filed at it Home Office and in Section K of this Agreement. Except as set forth in Section K, the Insurer shall not be bound to inquire into, or take notice of, any of the covenants herein contained as to the Policy of insurance or as to application of proceeds of such policy. Upon the death of the Insured and payment of the proceeds in accordance with Section K of this Agreement, the Insurer shall be discharged of all liability.
K. Claims Procedure The following claims procedure shall apply to the Policy and the Secured Benefit Plan:
1. Filing of a claim for benefits. The Employee or the Beneficiary shall make a claim for the benefits provided under the policy in the manner provided in the Policy.
2. Claim denial. With respect to a claim for benefits under said Policy, the Insurer shall be the entity which reviews and makes decisions on claim denials according to the terms of the Policy.
3. Notification to claimant of decision. If a claim is wholly or partially denied, notice of the decision, meeting the requirements of Section K4, following, shall be furnished to the claimant within a reasonable period of