e to an increase in cash generated from operating activities due primarily to an overall increase in sales activity, as well as an increase in net cash proceeds received from the Partnership's joint ventures in 1993 as compared to 1992. The source of both short-term and long-term future liquidity is expected to be derived primarily from the sale of housing units, homesites and land parcels and through the Partnership's credit facilities, which are discussed below.
In October 1992, the Partnership and its lenders executed a binding agreement to restructure the Partnership's credit facility. The new facility consists of a term loan in the amount of $126,805,195, a revolving line of credit facility up to $45 million, an income property term loan of $20 million and a $15 million letter of credit facility. The term loan, the revolving line of credit and the letter of credit facility are secured by recorded mortgages and security interests on all otherwise unencumbered tangible assets of the Partnership as well as an assignment of all mortgages receivable, equity memberships, certain joint venture interests or proceeds from joint ventures, and cash balances (with the exception of deposits held in escrow). The income property term loan is secured by the recorded first mortgages on a mixed-use center and an office building in Boca Raton, Florida. All of the notes under the new facility are cross-collateralized and cross-defaulted. The Partnership made the required principal repayments under the new term loan agreement of $8 million and $10 million in February 1993 and March 1994, respectively. Principal repayments of $10 million are due in each of the years 1995 and 1996, and the remaining balance outstanding is due in 1997. In addition, the new term loan agreement provides for additional principal repayments based upon a specified percentage of available cash flow and upon the sale of certain assets. For the year ended December 31, 1993, the Partnership made additional ter