evenue per customer unit decreased approximately 6% during 1993, reflecting primarily the decline in average local minutes per customer unit. The Company anticipates that average monthly service revenue per customer unit may continue to decline as retail distribution channels provide additional consumer customers who generate fewer local minutes of use and as roamer revenues grow more slowly.
Roaming is a service offered by the Company which allows a customer to place or receive a call in a cellular service area away from the customer's home market area. The Company has entered into "roaming agreements" with operators of other cellular systems covering virtually all systems in the United States and Canada. These agreements offer customers the opportunity to roam in these systems. These reciprocal agreements automatically pre-register the customers of the Company's systems in the other carriers' systems. Also, a customer of a participating system roaming (i.e. travelling) in a Company market where this arrangement is in effect is able to automatically make and receive calls on the Company's system. The charge for this service is typically at premium rates and is billed by the Company to the customer's home system, which then bills the customer. The Company has entered into agreements with other cellular carriers to transfer roaming usage at agreed-upon rates. In some instances, based on competitive factors, the Company may charge a lower amount to its customers than the amount actually charged to the Company by another cellular carrier for roaming; however, these services include call delivery and call handoff.
The following table summarizes certain information about customers and market penetration in the Company's managed operations.
The following table summarizes, by cluster, the total population, the Company's customer units and penetration for the Company's majority-owned and managed markets that were operational as of December 31, 1993.
CELLULAR TELEPHONES AND 