e reciprocating compressor, steam turbine, and turbo-machinery businesses in exchange for an equal ownership interest. The net assets contributed by the Partners were recorded by the Company at amounts approximating their historical values. The Company commenced operations on January 1, 1987, and principally serves the petroleum, gas, petrochemical, chemical, and electric power industries on a worldwide basis.
Effective October 1, 1992, Dresser contributed $8,035,000 to the Company and ownership interests became 51 percent Dresser and 49 percent Ingersoll-Rand. At the same time, the Company's fiscal year was changed to end on October 31.
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements are set forth below.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. Investments in affiliates owned 50% or less are accounted for on the equity method. The Company's equity in the net earnings of these affiliates was not material. All material intercompany items have been eliminated in consolidation.
Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents are stated at cost which approximates market. For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at cost, which is not in excess of net realizable value, and are valued principally using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.
Property and Depreciation
Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost, and is depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the various classes
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
of assets. Depreciation is computed principally using accelerated methods, except for U.S. fixed assets with a service life of ten years or less, which ar