rating license issued by the NRC applicable to Perry Unit 1 is conditioned to require, among other things: (i) maintenance, emergency, economy and wholesale power and reserve sharing to be made available to, (ii) interconnections to be made with, and (iii) wheeling to be provided for, electric generating and/or distribution systems (or municipalities or cooperatives with the right to engage in such functions) if such entities so request and to permit such entities to become members of CAPCO (subject to certain prerequisites with respect to size), or to acquire a share of the capacity of Perry Unit 1 or any other future nuclear units, if they so desire. In September 1987, the Company asked the NRC to suspend these license conditions. In April 1991, the NRC Staff denied the Company's application; accordingly, the Company petitioned the NRC for a hearing. Pursuant to this request the matter was referred to the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board (ASLB). The ASLB ruled against the Company in November 1992. The Company petitioned the NRC to review the ASLB decision in December 1992. On August 3, 1993, the NRC ruled that the license conditions will not be suspended. On October 1, 1993, the Company appealed the NRC decision in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. If these license conditions are not suspended, they could have a materially adverse but presently undeterminable effect on the Companies' future business operations.
The NRC has promulgated and continues to promulgate additional regulations related to the safe operation of nuclear power plants. The Companies cannot predict what additional regulations will be promulgated or design changes required or the effect that any such regulations or design changes, or the consideration thereof, may have upon the Beaver Valley and Perry plants. Although the Companies have no reason to anticipate an accident at any nuclear plant in which they have an interest, if such an accident did happen, i