d specified levels. PMI was to receive a minimum annual return of 10% on all loans made to the Rose and Cohen entities and a maximum return of 20%. All loans and unpaid interest are payable on December 31, 1997.
In 1992, certain of the Rose and Cohen entities owning a portion of the collateral that secures the loans filed for Chapter 11 protection in the United States Bankruptcy Court, Southern District of New York. Also during 1992, PMI commenced an adversary proceeding against Rose and Cohen to recover jointly and severally on the personal guarantees of $50,000,000 given by Rose and Cohen as part of the loan agreement. The accrual of interest on the Rose and Cohen note was discontinued in fiscal 1990 and the notes were reflected at their estimated net realizable value.
In June 1993, the Company reached a settlement with Allan Rose and Arthur Cohen. The settlement provided for an affiliate of Rose to purchase the notes for the sum of $25,000,000 in cash, which was fully funded into escrow by Rose on February 25, 1994. The Company is also to receive the cash proceeds from approximately 1,100,000 shares of the Company's common stock owned by Rose which will be liquidated over a period of time. In addition, pursuant to the settlement, certain bankruptcy claims against PMI have been withdrawn (see Note 7).
The settlement is subject to a claim on the entire amount of the proceeds by Financial Security Assurance, Inc. ("FSA"). A trial was held in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida in January 1994 to approve the settlement agreement and resolve FSA's claim on the settlement proceeds. The Company expects an order to be issued by that court in the near future, which may be subject to appeal. All proceeds received pursuant to the settlement must be held in escrow until such order is received. The Company believes that FSA is unlikely to prevail on its claim, and as a result, does not believe it will have a material impact on the financial