tal agencies or Blue Cross. Negotiated and private receivables consist of receivables from various payors, including individuals involved in diverse activities, subject to differing economic conditions, and do not represent any concentrated credit risks to the Company. Furthermore, management continually monitors and adjusts its reserves and allowances associated with these receivables.
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
NET SALES OF PRODUCTS
Net sales of products consists of sales from the Company's CooperVision and CooperSurgical businesses. The Company recognizes product revenue when risk of ownership has transferred to the buyer, with appropriate provisions for sales returns and uncollectible accounts.
With respect to net sales of products, management believes trade receivables do not include any concentrated groups of credit risk.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents includes commercial paper and other short-term income producing securities with a maturity date at purchase of three months or less. These investments are readily convertible to cash, and are carried at cost which approximates market.
RESTRICTED CASH
Restricted cash represents collateral for expiring insurance policies for a discontinued contact lens insurance program.
TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS
Temporary investments are primarily current marketable equity and debt securities. Current marketable debt and equity securities are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or market at the balance sheet date with unrealized losses included in investment income, net in the statement of consolidated operations. Other securities and investments are carried at cost. Gains or losses realized upon sale (based on the first-in, first-out method) and write-downs necessitated by other than temporary declines in value for all securities and investments are also reflected in investment income, net.
As of October 31, 1993 and October 31, 1992, 