s presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes.
Report of Independent Accountants
To the Partners of Arvida/JMB Partners, L.P.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 14 (a) (1) and (2) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Arivda/JMB Partners, L.P. (a limited partnership) and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 1992, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership's management; our responsibility is to express and opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above. We have not audited the consolidated financial statements of Arvida/JMB Partners, L.P. and its subsidiaries for any period subsequent to December 31, 1992.
PRICE WATERHOUSE Miami, Florida March 23, 1993
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Partners of ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Arvida/JMB Partners, L.P. and Consolidated Ventures as of December 31, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in partners' capital accounts (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended. Our audit also included the 1993 f