s which would mitigate, if not more than offset, the disputed amounts billed by Kalaeloa. Disputed amounts billed by Kalaeloa and AES-BP through December 31, 1993 totaled approximately $2.1 million and $1.5 million, respectively. Approximately $0.5 million of the total disputed amounts, if paid, are includable in HECO's energy cost adjustment clause, and would be passed through to customers.
HECO has not recognized any portion of the disputed amounts as an expense or liability in its financial statements. Discussions between HECO and Kalaeloa, and HECO and AES-BP to resolve the disputed billing amounts are continuing. In the event the parties are unable to settle the disputes, both the Kalaeloa and AES-BP power purchase agreements contain provisions whereby either party to the agreement may cause the dispute to be submitted to binding arbitration. Kalaeloa has requested that its dispute with HECO be arbitrated and this arbitration process has commenced. Based on information currently available, HECO's management believes that the ultimate outcome of these disputes will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's or HECO's consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
HEI and HECO:
During the fourth quarter of 1993, no matters were submitted to a vote of security holders of the Registrants.
PART II
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS' COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS HEI:
The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to pages 67 and 69 (Note 19, "Regulatory restrictions on net assets" and Note 22, "Quarterly information (unaudited)," of the Notes to HEI's Consolidated Financial Statements) and page 27 of HEI's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, portions of which are filed herein as HEI Exhibit 13(a). Certain restrictions on dividends and other distributions of HEI are described in "Item 1. Business--Regulation and other matters--Restri