laim further bad debt reserve deductions, and would recapture into income all previously accumulated bad debt reserves. As of December 31, 1993, BankAtlantic's qualifying assets were in excess of 60% of total assets.
The experience method allows a savings institution to deduct the greater of an amount based upon a six-year moving average of loan losses or an amount determined with respect to its bad debt reserve for the "base year". The "base year" is, for these purposes, the last taxable year beginning before 1988. For the past four taxable years, BankAtlantic has utilized the experience method.
Under the percentage of taxable income method, the bad debt deduction equals 8% of taxable income determined without regard to that deduction and with certain adjustments. The percentage bad debt deduction thus computed is reduced by the amount permitted as a deduction for the addition to the reserve for losses on non-qualifying loans, which must be computed under the experience method. The availability of the percentage of taxable income method permits qualifying savings institutions to be taxed at a lower maximum effective federal income tax rate than that applicable to corporations generally. The effective maximum marginal federal income tax rate applicable to a qualifying savings institution (exclusive of the alternative minimum tax), assuming the maximum percentage bad debt deduction, is approximately 32.2%.
The percentage of taxable income method is available only to the extent that amounts accumulated in reserves for losses on qualifying real property loans do not exceed 6% of such loans at year-end. Use of this method is further limited to the greater of (i) the amount which, when added to the amount computed for the addition to the reserve for losses on non-qualifying loans, equals the amount by which 12% of savings deposits or withdrawable accounts of depositors at year-end exceeds the sum of surplus, undivided profits and reserves at the beginning of the year or 