rease of $2 million in allowances for funds used during construction (AFUDC) in 1993 reflects increased construction expenditures including those associated with the CAAA, net of CAAA amounts included in rate base and earning a cash return. Future levels of AFUDC can be expected to increase slightly with increasing levels of CAAA expenditures until late 1994 upon substantial completion of Phase I of the CAAA compliance program. The decrease in other income, net in 1993 resulted primarily from the Company's share of decreases in the earnings of AGC (see Note D to the financial statements). Other fluctuations in other income, net, were individually insignificant. Other interest expense reflects changes in the level of short-term debt maintained by the Company.
Liquidity and Capital Resources SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the enterprise's need for cash". The Company needs cash for operating expenses, the payment of interest and dividends, retirement of debt and certain preferred stock,
M-23
and for its construction program. To meet these needs, the Company has used internally generated funds and external financings, such as the sale of common and preferred stock, debt instruments, instalment loans, and lease arrangements. The timing and amount of external financings depend primarily upon economic and financial market conditions, the Company's cash needs, and capitalization ratio objectives. The availability and cost of external financing depend upon the financial health of the companies seeking those funds.
During 1993, the Company continued its participation in the Collaborative Process for Demand-Side Management in Maryland with the Maryland PSC Staff, Office of People's Counsel, the Department of Natural Resources, Maryland Energy Administration, and the Company's largest industrial customer. The Company received the Maryland PSC's approval to implement a Commercial and Industrial Lig