n page 29 (under the caption "Industry Segment Information"), which information is incorporated herein by reference.
c. Narrative Description of Business.
The Company's principal businesses are lighting, including residential, commercial, industrial, and outdoor lighting fixtures; compressors and vacuum pumps; and other products (including door control devices and hardware, fire screens, gas log sets, fireplace accessories, insulated metal chimneys, and zero-clearance fireplaces). The Company designs, manufactures, markets, and sells these products; and maintains corporate offices in Louisville, Kentucky. The Company operates
ITEM 1. (Continued)
numerous divisions and subsidiaries, with facilities throughout the U.S. and operations in Canada and Germany. The Company also maintains sales offices in Brazil, England, Italy, and Japan and has joint ventures in Japan and in the U.S. and Canada with a Belgian company.
Lighting Segment
The Company's residential lighting products--its original base--are designed for a broad range of consumers. The Company stresses product development to meet changing needs and demands. The Company typically targets the more upscale, single-family homeowner but also has a line for the do-it-yourself homeowner. The Company also is strongly involved in the replacement lighting market, which is a growing component of the overall lighting industry. Under the Thomas and Premier brand names, the Company's residential lighting line includes high-style chandeliers and bathroom fixtures, plus quality lighting products for foyers, dining rooms, living rooms, entertainment areas, kitchens, bedrooms, and outdoors.
The Thomas and Premier lines are distributed throughout the United States through a network of electrical distributors, retail lighting showrooms, and home centers, which, in turn, sell to electrical contractors, builders, and consumers.
Residential lighting fixtures are manufactured and sold in the U.S. and Canada under the Thomas and Premier