se contracts with the Southern Company. GSU entered into a settlement agreement dated December 21, 1990, which was consummated on November 7, 1991, and the settlement obligations were fully satisfied in 1993.
In 1986, the PUCT and the LPSC disallowed the pass-through by GSU in its retail rates of the costs of the capacity purchases from the Southern Company, which were being incurred by GSU. GSU appealed the actions of the PUCT and the LPSC disallowing pass-through of Southern Company capacity charges to the appropriate state courts. The appeal from the LPSC is pending. As part of a settlement of a retail rate case in Texas during the fourth quarter of 1993, GSU has discontinued its appeal of the PUCT disallowance.
Following the announcement of the execution of the Reorganization Agreement, a purported class action complaint was filed on June 9, 1992, in the District Court 60th Judicial District in Jefferson County, Texas (District Court) against GSU and its directors relating to the then proposed business combination with Entergy Corporation. On June 11, 1992, two additional purported class action complaints were filed against such defendants in the District Court. All three of the complaints (the Shareholder Actions) were filed by persons alleged to be shareholders of GSU and seeking declaration of a class action on behalf of all persons owning common stock of GSU.
GSU has executed a Memorandum of Understanding with counsel for the plaintiffs in these suits agreeing in principle to settle such actions subject to execution of an appropriate stipulation of settlement, approval by the court, and certain other conditions. In the Memorandum, the defendants have denied any actionable acts or omissions and state that they have entered into the Memorandum solely to eliminate the burden and expense of further litigation and to facilitate the consummation of the business combination. The Memorandum memorialized certain agreements by GSU and Entergy Corporation for the benef