heets - December 31, 1993 and December 25, 1992.
. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Years ended December 31, 1993, December 25, 1992, and December 27, 1991.
. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 1993, December 25, 1992, and December 27, 1991.
. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Years ended December 31, 1993, December 25, 1992, and December 27, 1991.
Financial statements schedules included in Part IV of this report are as follows:
. Schedule V - Property, Plant and Equipment
. Schedule VI - Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization of Property, Plant and Equipment
. Schedule VIII - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
. Schedule X - Supplementary Income Statement Information
Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is presented in the Financial Statements or Notes thereto.
Independent Auditors' Report ----------------------------
The Board of Directors and Stockholders Evans & Sutherland Computer Corporation:
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Evans & Sutherland Computer Corporation and subsidiaries as listed in the accompanying index. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedules as listed in the accompanying index. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and