deferrals totaled (net of taxes) approximately $14 million, $300 million (both net of depreciation), and $171 million, respectively. Allowed Deferrals were approximately $95 million, net of taxes and amortization, as of December 31, 1993. GSU estimates it has collected approximately $139 million of revenues as of December 31, 1993, as a result of the originally ordered rate treatment of these deferred costs. However, if the PUCT adopts the most recent decision in the El Paso Case, the possible refunds approximate $28 million as a result of the inclusion of deferred carrying costs in rate base for the period July 1988 through December 1990. However, if the PUCT reverses its decision to reduce GSU's deferred costs by $1.50 for each $1.00 of revenue collected under the interim rate increases authorized in 1987 and 1988, the potential refund of amounts described above could be reduced by an amount ranging from $7 million to $19 million.
No assurance can be given as to the timing or outcome of the remands or appeals described above. Pending further developments in these cases, GSU has made no write-offs for the River Bend related costs. Management believes, based on advice from Clark, Thomas & Winters, a Professional Corporation, legal counsel of record in the Rate Appeal, that it is reasonably possible that the case will be remanded to the PUCT, and the PUCT will be allowed to rule on the prudence of the abeyed River Bend plant costs. Rate caps imposed by the PUCT's regulatory approval of the Merger could result in GSU being unable to use the full amount of a favorable decision to immediately increase rates; however, a favorable decision could permit some increases and/or limit or prevent decreases during the period the rate caps are in effect. At this time, management and legal counsel are unable to predict the amount, if any, of the abeyed and previously disallowed River Bend plant costs that ultimately may be disallowed by the PUCT. A net of tax write-off as of Decem