 which is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life, ranging up to six years.
The Partnership's policy is to review periodically the expected economic life of its rental equipment in order to determine the probability of recovering its undepreciated cost. Such reviews address, among other things, recent and anticipated technological developments affecting computer equipment and competitive factors within the computer marketplace. Although remarketing rental rates are expected to decline in the future with respect to some of the Partnership's rental equipment, such rentals are expected to exceed projected expenses and depreciation. Where reviews of the equipment portfolio indicate that rentals plus anticipated sales proceeds will not exceed expenses in any future period, the Partnership revises its depreciation policy and accelerates depreciation as appropriate. As a result of such periodic
Page 21 of 36
PHOENIX LEASING CASH DISTRIBUTION FUND II
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
DECEMBER 31, 1993
Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued).
reviews, the Partnership recognized additional depreciation expense of $0, $12,000 and $1,812,000 ($0, $.03 and $4.75 per limited partnership unit) for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
Rental income for the year is determined on the basis of rental payments due for the period under the terms of the lease. Maintenance, repairs and minor renewals of the leased equipment are charged to expense.
Non Cash Investing Activities. During the year ended December 31, 1993, the Partnership reclassified two foreclosed notes receivable from Notes Receivable to Investment in Foreclosed Cable Systems on the balance sheet. The amount of such reclassification was $780,000.
Reclassification. Certain 1992 and 1991 amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 1993 presentation.
Cash and Cash Equivalents. This includes deposits at banks, investments in money market 