n relating to the Allowance and credit losses of the Corporation for the five years ended December 31, 1993. See also Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation.
Analysis of the Allowance for Credit Losses
The following table provides an allocation of the Allowance to the respective loan classifications. The Corporation does not believe that the Allowance can be fragmented by category with any precision. The allocation of the Allowance is based on a consideration of all of the factors discussed above which are used to determine the Allowance as a whole. Since all of those factors are subject to change, the allocation of the
Allowance detailed below is not necessarily indicative of future losses or future allocations. The Allowance at December 31, 1993 is available to absorb losses occurring in any category of loans.
Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses
DEPOSITS
The table below provides information on the average amount of and rates paid on the deposit categories indicated for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991. The aggregated amount of foreign deposits did not exceed 10% of average total deposits. The majority of deposits in the foreign banking office were in amounts in excess of $100,000.
Average Deposits and Average Rates Paid
The following table details the maturity of domestic deposits of $100,000 or more on December 31, 1993.
Maturity Distribution of Certificates of Deposit and Other Time Deposits in Amounts of $100,000 or More
SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
To the extent that deposits are not adequate to fund customer loan demand in the Banks, or to the extent that long-term borrowings are inadequate to fund loan demand of other subsidiaries of the Corporation, liquidity needs can be met in the short-term funds markets. The Corporation utilizes many sources to meet these short-term needs. The following table provides information with respect to each of these sources over the three years ended December 31, 1993.
Sh