se, or $106 million, over present rates.
Revenue from the proposed increase would be used in part to cover the costs of major transmission and distribution projects on Oahu, including an important transmission corridor to connect power plants on the island's west side with customers throughout Oahu.
The 1995 application includes requests for approximately $15 million for additional expenses associated with proposed changes in depreciation rates and methods and $7 million to establish a self-insured property damage reserve for transmission and distribution property in the event of catastrophic disasters. HECO seeks to establish the requested reserve because HECO is self-insured for damage to its transmission and distribution property, except substations. (HECO's subsidiaries are similarly self-insured.) Also, a
heightened concern for the risk of loss of this property has grown out of the loss of virtually the entire transmission and distribution system of the unaffiliated electric utility serving the island of Kauai as a result of Hurricane Iniki in September 1992. HECO anticipates that evidentiary hearings on the 1995 application will be held in late 1994.
HELCO
Rate increase. On July 31, 1991, HELCO asked the PUC to increase rates by $7.5 million a year, or 7.5%. The request was based on a 13.5% return on average common equity and a 1992 test year. On October 2, 1992, HELCO received a final decision and order from the PUC authorizing a total increase of $3.9 million in annual revenues, based on a 13.0% return on average common equity.
HELCO's original request for rate increase included approximately $1.9 million to cover the increased cost of postretirement benefits other than pensions, and this request will be considered in a separate generic docket. The PUC has not yet issued a final decision and order in this generic docket. The information on postretirement benefits other than pensions in Note 10 to HECO's Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herei