utable to local and regional market conditions such as overbuilding and recessions in local economies and specific industry segments, certain borrowers have requested that the Partnership allow prepayment of mortgage loans. The Partnership has allowed some of these borrowers to prepay such loans, in some cases without assessing prepayment premiums, under circumstances where the General Partner believed that refusing to allow such prepayments would ultimately prove detrimental to the Partnership because of the likelihood that the properties would not generate sufficient revenues to keep loan payments current. In other cases, borrowers have requested prepayment in order to take advantage of lower available interest rates. In these cases, the Partnership has collected substantial prepayment premiums.
In addition, certain borrowers have failed to make payments when due to the Partnership for more than ninety days and, accordingly, these loans have been placed on non-accrual status (income is recorded only as cash payments are received). The General Partner has negotiated with some of these borrowers regarding modifications of the loan terms and has instituted foreclosure proceedings under certain circumstances. Such foreclosure proceedings may be delayed by factors beyond the General Partner's control such as bankruptcy filings by borrowers and state law procedures regarding foreclosures. Further, certain loans made by the Partnership have been restructured to defer and/or reduce interest payments where the properties collateralizing the loans were generating insufficient cash flow to support property operations and debt service. In the case of most loan restructurings, the Partnership receives concessions, such as increased participations or additional interest accruals, in return for modifications, such as deferral or reduction of basic interest payments. There can be no assurance, however, that the Partnership will receive actual benefits from the concessions.
The Pa