Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Eight proceedings instituted by governmental authorities are pending or known to be contemplated against Amoco and certain of its subsidiaries under federal, state and local environmental laws, each of which could result in monetary sanctions in excess of $100,000. No individual proceeding is, nor are the proceedings as a group, expected to have a material adverse effect on Amoco's consolidated cash flows, financial position or results of operations. Amoco estimates that in the aggregate the monetary sanctions reasonably likely to be imposed from these proceedings amount to approximately $4 million.
The Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") has challenged the application of certain foreign income taxes as credits against the Corporation's U.S. taxes that otherwise would have been payable for the years 1980 through 1982. On June 18, 1992, the IRS issued a statutory Notice of Deficiency for additional taxes in the amount of $466 million, plus interest, relating to those years. The Corporation has filed a petition in the U.S. Tax Court contesting the IRS statutory Notice of Deficiency. A similar amount of additional taxes is expected to be claimed for years 1983 through 1985 based upon a subsequent IRS audit. Any claims for years subsequent to 1985 would not be as significant as those for prior years. The Corporation believes that the foreign income taxes have been reflected properly in its U.S. federal tax returns, and intends to contest the IRS claims. The Corporation is confident that it will prevail in the litigation. Consequently, this dispute is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Corporation.
On January 21, 1994, a judgment was entered by the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, in favor of Amoco Chemical Company and Amoco Reinforced Plastics Company, subsidiaries of Amoco Corporation, against certain underwriters at Lloyd's of London and various other Brit