USTRIAL PROPERTIES REIT
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
deposits are shown as restricted cash on the accompanying balance sheet. After November 27, 1993, any proceeds held in the Property Acquisition Account must be placed in another restricted account and be used solely to defease the holders of the remaining Zero Coupon Notes. Subsequent to September 30, 1993, the funds held in the Property Acquisition Account were reinvested by the Trust into short-term commercial paper and Treasury Bills which are pledged as collateral to the Zero Coupon Noteholders. In December 1993, management announced its intent to use the remaining pledged short-term commercial paper and Treasury Bills upon their maturity in 1994 for the partial defeasance of the Zero Coupon Noteholders (see Note 6).
Issuance Costs of Zero Coupon Notes Payable.
The issuance costs of the outstanding Zero Coupon Notes are being amortized over 12 years (the life of the Zero Coupon Notes) and include the difference between the proceeds received by the Company from the underwriters and the subsequent offering price to the public for the Zero Coupon Notes.
Rents and Tenant Reimbursements.
The Trust leases its retail and industrial properties to tenants under operating leases with expiration dates ranging from 1994 to 2005. Several tenants in the retail property are also required to pay as rent a percentage of their gross sales volume, to the extent such percentage exceeds their base rents. In addition to paying base and percentage rents, most tenants are required to reimburse the Trust for operating expenses in excess of a negotiated base. Contractual rent increases or delayed rent starts are recognized ratably over the lease term.
Tamarac Square, the Trust's only retail property, has rental revenues in excess of 10% of the total revenues of the Trust. Rental revenues and tenant reimbursements from Tamarac totaled $3,182,000, $3,126,000 and $3,320,000 in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
Income Tax 