he properties of the Operating Subsidiaries are held subject to the lien securing each company's first mortgage bonds and, in many cases, subject to certain reservations, minor encumbrances, and title defects which do not materially interfere with their use. Some properties are also subject to a second lien securing certain solid waste disposal and pollution control notes. The indenture under which AGC's unsecured debentures and medium-term notes are issued, prohibits AGC, with certain limited exceptions, from incurring or permitting liens to exist on any of its properties or assets unless the debentures and medium-term notes are contemporaneously secured equally and ratably with all other indebtedness secured by such lien. Transmission and distribution lines, in substantial part, some substations and switching stations, and some ancillary facilities at power stations are on lands of others, in some cases by sufferance, but in most instances pursuant to leases, easements, permits or other arrangements, many of which have not been recorded and some of which are not evidenced by formal grants. In some cases no examination of titles has been made as to lands on which transmission and distribution lines and substations are located. Each of the Operating Subsidiaries possesses the power of eminent domain with respect to its public utility operations. (See also ITEM 1. BUSINESS and SYSTEM MAP.)
- 32 -
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
In 1979, National Steel Corporation (National Steel) filed suit against certain Subsidiaries in the Circuit Court of Hancock County, West Virginia, alleging damages of approximately $7.9 million as a result of an order issued by the West Virginia PSC requiring curtailment of the plaintiff's use of electric power during the United Mine Workers' strike of 1977-8. A jury verdict in favor of the defendants was rendered in June 1991. National Steel has filed a motion for a new trial, which is still pending before the Circuit Court of Hancock Coun