end credit, including the undisbursed portion of loans in process $ 77,509 $ 32,834
Standby and documentary letters of credit $ 3,898 $ 7,154
Commitments to purchase mortgage-backed securities $ 10,000 $ 80,000
Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. BankAtlantic evaluates each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained if deemed necessary by BankAtlantic upon extension of credit is based on management's credit evaluation of the counter-party. Collateral held varies but may include first mortgages on commercial and residential real estate. As part of the commitment for standby letters of credit, BankAtlantic is required to collateralize 120% of the commitment balance with mortgage- backed securities. At December 31, 1993, $7.5 million of mortgage-backed securities were pledged against the commitment balance.
Standby letters of credit written are conditional commitments issued by or for the benefit of BankAtlantic to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. BankAtlantic may hold certificates of deposit and residential and commercial liens as collateral supporting those commitments which are collateralized similar to other types of borrowings. BankAtlantic is required to maintain average reserve balances with the Federal Reserve Bank. Such reserves consisted of cash and amounts due from banks of $9.4 million 