pital distributions without OTS permission except where such distribution is consistent with an approved capital plan. The Association meets its fully phased-in regulatory capital requirements and is a Tier 1 association. A savings association permitted to make a capital distribution under the prompt corrective action regulations may do so if the amount and type of distribution would be permitted under the Capital Distribution Regulation.
New Safety and Soundness Standards. FDICIA also requires the federal banking agencies to prescribe by regulation certain safety and soundness standards for insured depository institutions and depository institution holding companies. Three types of standards must be prescribed: (1) operational and managerial; (2) asset quality and earnings; and (3) compensation. On November 18, 1993, the federal banking agencies published proposed safety and soundness standards to implement this provision of FDICIA. The proposed operational and managerial standards relate to: (1) internal controls, information systems, and internal audit systems; (2) loan documentation; (3) credit underwriting; (4) interest rate exposure; (5) asset growth; (6) compensation, fees, and benefits. In addition, the proposed standards would establish a maximum ratio of classified assets to total capital of 1.0. The federal banking agencies have also proposed minimum earnings standards which require that an institution continue to meet minimum capital standards assuming that any losses experienced over the past four quarters were to continue over the next four quarters. Finally, each federal banking agency is required to prescribe standards for the employment contracts and other compensation of executive officers, employees, directors, and principal stockholders of insured institutions that would prohibit compensation and benefit arrangements that are excessive or that could lead to material financial loss for the institution. If an insured depository institution or its h