debt or equity, at a time not of its choosing. Management also believes that financial flexibility is more important than maximization of earnings through excessive leverage.
The Company's primary source of capital to meet these objectives is from internally generated funds. Operating activities provided $349.1 million in cash during the last three years. An additional $3.5 million in cash was generated from the issuance of the Company's common stock. Cash dividends paid on the stock were $57.2 million and repurchases of stock for the Company's treasury totaled $3.2 million during the three year period.
Management continuously provides for available credit in excess of the Company's worst-case projections. Policy guidelines provide that long-term debt, composed of two "layers", will normally be maintained in a range of 30% to 40% of total capitalization. Obligations having scheduled maturities are the base "layer" of debt capital. At the end of 1993, these obligations totaled $122.3 million, consisting primarily of privately placed institutional loans and tax-exempt industrial development bonds. At the end of 1992, debt with scheduled maturities totaled $112.5 million, which was down from $135.4 million a year earlier.
Near the end of the third quarter of 1993, the Company issued $50 million in unsecured privately placed debt under a medium-term note program. These notes were issued with average lives of approximately nine years and fixed interest rates averaging 5.8%. Debt of a company acquired in a September pooling of interests transaction was repaid with the majority of the proceeds from these notes. In 1992, the Company also issued approximately $26 million of medium-term notes near the beginning of the fourth quarter. These notes were issued with average lives of approximately five years and fixed interest rates averaging 6.15%. Proceeds from the notes issued in 1992 were used to repay debt outstanding under the Company's revolving bank credit agreements.
Stan