rred and preference stock, and a fair rate of return on common equity investment. Under the System Agreement, these charges are based on costs associated with the sellers' steam electric generating units fueled by oil or gas. In addition, for all energy to be exchanged among the System operating companies under the System Agreement, the purchasers are required to pay the cost of fuel consumed in generating such energy plus a charge to cover other associated costs (see "Rate Matters and Regulation - Rate Matters - Wholesale Rate Matters - System Agreement," above, for a discussion of FERC proceedings relating to the System Agreement).
The System's business is subject to seasonal fluctuations with the peak period occurring in the summer months. Excluding GSU, Entergy 's 1993 peak demand of 12,858 MW occurred on August 19, 1993. The net System capability at the time of peak was 14,029 MW, which reflects a reduction of the System's total 14,765 MW of owned and leased capability by net off-system firm sales of 736 MW. The capacity margin at the time of the peak was approximately 8.4%, not including units placed on extended reserve and capacity owned by Entergy Power.
GSU's 1993 peak demand of 5,612 MW occurred on August 18, 1993. The net GSU capability at the time of peak was 6,704 MW, which reflects an increase of GSU's total 6,420 MW of owned and leased capability by net off-system purchases of 284 MW. The capacity margin at the time of the peak was approximately 18.2%, not including units placed on extended reserve.
Interconnections
The electric power supply facilities of Entergy consist principally of steam-electric production facilities strategically located with reference to availability of fuel, protection of local loads, and other controlling economic factors. These are interconnected by a transmission system operating at various voltages up to 500 KV. Generally, with the exception of Grand Gulf 1, Entergy Power's capacity and a small portion of MP&L's capacity, 