The only option granted during 1993 was the grant of an option to Mr. Weiner to acquire 20,000 shares under the provisions of the Stock Plan. The exercise price of $4.00 per share was above the market price of the Company's Common Stock (2 7/8) on the March 15, 1993 grant date. The option was not awarded with tandem stock appreciation rights, and it expired unexercised following Mr. Weiner's removal as an officer of the Company.
EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS
In 1993, the Company recruited Bruce M. Weiner, an individual with over twenty years of experience in the sale and marketing of Florida real estate, to develop, implement and oversee a marketing program which would strengthen the Company's marketing organization, rebuild its retail land sales business and provide for the Company's successful re-entry into the single family housing business. Effective March 15, 1993, the Company entered into a three-year employment agreement with Mr. Weiner. The agreement provided for Mr. Weiner to be paid an annual salary of $350,000 (subject to reduction or repayment, as discussed below, in the event that the overall annual objectives of the Company's marketing program were not substantially achieved) and for the furnishing of certain benefits, such as payment of an automobile allowance. The agreement further provided for Mr. Weiner to be paid an annual bonus if the annual overall objectives of the marketing program were met in an amount equal to the greater of: (i) one half of one percent of the Company's net retail land sales
were met in an amount equal to the greater of: (i) one half of one percent of the Company's net retail land sales revenue for the preceding fiscal year (pro-rated for the Company's 1993 fiscal year) and one quarter of one percent of revenues from house sale closings during the Company's preceding fiscal year; or (ii) five percent of the annual pre-tax profits of the Company for the preceding fiscal year. Such bonus was to have been payable, net of applicable taxe