e (millions of dollars):
Deferred tax liabilities (assets) which are recognized for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforward are (millions of dollars):
NOTE 13. EXTRAORDINARY ITEM
In June 1993, the Company retired $500.0 million of 11 1/4% Senior Notes due in 1996. The transaction resulted in an extraordinary loss of $2.5 million ($.02 per share), net of income taxes of $1.3 million.
NOTE 14. LITIGATION AND REGULATORY MATTERS
LITIGATION - In December 1992, certain of CIG's natural gas lessors in the West Panhandle Field filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, claiming underpayment, breach of fiduciary duty, fraud and negligent misrepresentation. Management believes that CIG has numerous defenses to the lessors' claims, including (i) that the royalties were properly paid, (ii) that the majority of the claims were released by written agreement, and (iii) that the majority of the claims are barred by the statute of limitations.
A subsidiary of Coastal has initiated a suit against TransAmerican Natural Gas Corporation in the District Court of Webb County, Texas for breach of two gas purchase agreements. In February 1993 TransAmerican Natural Gas Corporation filed a Third Party Complaint and a Counterclaim in this action against Coastal and certain subsidiaries. TransAmerican alleges breach of contract, fraud, conspiracy, duress, tortious interference and violations of the Texas Free Enterprises and Anti-trust Act arising out of the gas purchase agreements. TransAmerican seeks compensatory damages, exemplary damages and attorney fees. The matter is set for trial on March 14, 1994.
Numerous other lawsuits and other proceedings which have arisen in the ordinary course of business are pending or threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries.
Although no assurances can be given and no determination can be made at this time as to the outcome of any particular lawsuit or proceeding, th