ion of remediation costs that it will be responsible for will therefore not be material. For additional information see section entitled Environmental Matters in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K Report.
The Company currently has pending against it, a lawsuit relating to performance shortfalls in products delivered by its Delaval Turbine Division in a prior year.
With respect to the litigation and claims described in the preceding paragraphs, it is management's opinion that the Company either expects to prevail, has adequate insurance coverage or has established appropriate reserves to cover potential liabilities; however, the ultimate outcome of any of these matters is indeterminable at this time.
In addition, the Company is involved in various other pending legal proceedings arising out of the Company's business. The adverse outcome of any of these legal proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. However, if all or substantially all of these legal proceedings were to be determined adversely to the Company, which is viewed by the Company as only a remote possibility, there could be a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company.
Reported profits from the sale of certain products to the U.S. Government and its agencies are subject to adjustments. In the opinion of management, refunds, if any, will not have a material effect upon the consolidated financial statements.
The Company is self-insured for a portion of its product liability and certain other liability exposures. Depending on the nature of the liability claim, and with certain exceptions, the Company's maximum self-insured exposure ranges from $250,000 to $500,000 per claim with certain maximum aggregate policy limits per claim year. With respect to the exceptions, which relate principally to diesel and turbine units sold before 1991, the Company's maximum self-insured exposure is $5 million per claim.
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG, 