 any additional statutory or regulatory restrictions on the types of activities in which it and its non-savings institution subsidiaries may engage, provided that St. Paul Federal continues to qualify as a qualified thrift lender ("QTL"). If, however, the Company were to acquire control of another savings institution (other than in a supervisory transaction or by merger or consolidation with St. Paul Federal) or if St. Paul Federal were to fail to maintain its status as a QTL, (see "Regulation - Savings Institution Regulation - Qualified Thrift Lender Requirement"), the Company and its subsidiaries, other than its savings institution subsidiary or subsidiaries, would become subject to restrictions on the activities permitted to them.
SAVINGS INSTITUTION REGULATION
General. St. Paul Federal is subject to supervision and regulation by the Director of the OTS. Under OTS regulations, St. Paul Federal is required to obtain an annual audit by an independent accountant and to be examined periodically by the Director of the OTS. St. Paul Federal is subject to assessments by the OTS and FDIC to cover the costs of such examinations. The OTS may revalue assets of the Bank, based upon appraisals, and require the establishment of specific reserves in amounts equal to the difference between such revaluation and the book value of the assets. The Director is authorized to promulgate regulations to ensure the safe and sound operation of savings institutions and may impose various requirements and restrictions on the activities of savings institutions. Additionally, under the FDICIA, the OTS has recently proposed safety and soundness regulations relating to (i) internal controls, information systems, and internal audit systems; (ii) loan documentation; (iii) credit underwriting; (iv) interest rate exposure; (v) asset growth; and (vi) compensation and benefit standards for officers, directors, employees and principal shareholders. The HOLA requires that all regulations and policies of