ectro- Optical Systems operations in the asset divestiture program as discussed above. As of December 31, 1993, the Company has sold its Heim Bearings, Aerospace and Barksdale Controls operations for proceeds of approximately $91 million, and thus has completed a significant portion of the asset divestiture program. These proceeds, net of related expenses, were used to repay senior debt in the amount of $81.9 million in 1993 in accordance with the terms of the restructured credit facilities.
Excluding the Electro-Optical Systems operations, the remaining assets to be sold in this program consist of a unit of the Company's instruments and transducer businesses, certain other non-strategic businesses and underutilized real estate holdings. The Company targets completion of the divestitures over the next 9 to 12 months. Based on current conditions, management now believes that certain of the remaining assets, both operating units and real estate, are unlikely to net the sale prices originally expected. Accordingly, the Company has deferred gains of $18.0 million on assets divested during 1993 and has provided $10.1 million for the loss now anticipated for the program as a whole.
Restructuring Program
In January 1994, the Company announced plans to reduce the Company's cost structure and to improve productivity on a worldwide basis. The actions under this restructuring plan will include reductions in the number of employees and the consolidation of certain of the Company's operating units. The Company plans to consolidate its four domestic turbomachinery aftermarket maintenance operations into one operating unit and combine certain operations of its European mechanical controls and automotive components operating units. In the fourth quarter of 1993, the Company recorded a charge of $8.6 million relating to this program.
See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements located in Part IV of this Form 10-K Report as indexed at Item 14(A)(1) for additional details rega