tion having a market value equal to two times the exercise price.
The Rights expire on January 29, 2000, unless previously redeemed by the Board. The Rights do not have voting or dividend rights and, until they become exercisable, have no diluting effect on the earnings of the company. As of December 31, 1993, none of the Series A Preferred Stock had been issued nor had the Rights become exercisable.
NOTE 18 - STOCK OPTION PLANS
Under the company's Long-Term Incentive Plans of 1991 and 1985, stock options are granted to executives and key employees to purchase shares of the company's common stock. The option price per share will not be less than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date granted. No options will be exercisable more than 10 years after the date of grant. Restrictions may be imposed for a period of five years on certain shares acquired through exercise of options granted after 1990.
The following is a summary of stock option transactions for 1991, 1992 and 1993:
Under the Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1991, there were 7,745,536 shares available at year-end 1993 for stock option awards as well as other awards. No additional shares will be granted under the 1985 Plan.
NOTE 19 - SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA
The company is engaged principally in petroleum, chemical and geothermal operations. Petroleum involves the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas; and the manufacture, transportation and marketing of petroleum products. Chemicals involves the manufacture, purchase, transportation and marketing of chemicals for agricultural and industrial uses. Geothermal involves the exploration, production and sale of geothermal resources. Other business activities currently include the production and marketing of lanthanides and niobium, and real estate development and sales. The company's shale oil and molybdenum operations were suspended in 1991.
Financial data by business segment and geographic area of operat