ted procedures to obtain title to the property. The loan has been classified at December 31, 1993 as a current liability in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Based on current and anticipated market conditions, the Partnership and the joint venture partners are unwilling to commit any additional amounts to the property since the likelihood of recovering any such amounts is remote. This will result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in the property and would result in a gain to the Partnership for financial reporting and Federal income tax purposes with no corresponding distributable proceeds.
The first mortgage loan secured by the Dunwoody Crossing Phase I and III Apartments is scheduled to mature in October 1994. The Partnership plans to refinance this note when it matures, although there can be no assurance the Partnership will be able to obtain such financing.
In June 1993, JMB/Owings sold its interest in the Owings Mills Shopping Center for $9,416,000 represented by a purchase price note. Reference is made to Note 7.
The borrowings of the Partnership and its ventures consist of separate non-recourse mortgage loans secured by the investment properties and individually are not obligations of the entire investment portfolio. However, for any particular investment property incurring deficits, the Partnership or its ventures, if deemed appropriate, may seek a modification or refinancing of existing indebtedness and, in the absence of a satisfactory debt modification or refinancing, may decide, in light of then existing and expected future market conditions for such investment property, not to commit additional funds to such investment property. This would result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in such property and would result in a gain to the Partnership for financial reporting and Federal income tax purposes with no corresponding distributable proceeds.
Certain of the Partnership's investments have b