. Davis and Schrag serve on the Fairness Committee of NRLP (for which they each received $4,000 in 1993) whose function is to review certain transactions between NRLP and its general partner and affiliates of such general partner.
TMC, a company of which Mr. Gonzalez, a Trustee of the Trust until February 18, 1994, is the Managing Partner and President, provides property-level management services, as a sub-contractor to Carmel, Ltd., for certain properties owned by the Trust. In 1993, TMC earned fees of $58,000 for performing such services.
TMC also provides property-level management services, as a subcontractor to Carmel, Ltd., for properties owned by ART, CMET, NOLP and TCI and through April 1993, for a property owned by a partnership which includes IORT and TCI. Christon, a company for which Mr. Gonzalez serves as Vice President, provides property leasing services, as a subcontractor to Carmel, Ltd., to such partnership. Mr. Gonzalez is the son of Al Gonzalez, an ART director not affiliated with BCM.
Since January 1, 1993, FMS, a company of which Mr. Davis is Chairman, President and sole shareholder, has been providing property- level management services, as a subcontractor to Carmel, Ltd., for two properties owned by the Trust. In 1993, FMS earned fees of $54,000 for performing such services.
During 1993, Mr. Jordan performed legal services for BCM and its affiliates, as well as for ART, TCI and the Trust. The Trust paid Mr. Jordan $4,000 in legal fees and cost reimbursements in 1993.
The Trust believes that such fees received by FMS, TMC and Mr. Jordan were at least as favorable to the Trust as those that would be paid to unaffiliated third parties for the performance of similar services.
(THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.)
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION (Continued)
Performance Graph
The following performance graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Trust's shares of beneficial interest with the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index ("S&P 5