e Partnership's share of loss from operations of unconsolidated venture. The O&Y partners have attempted to negotiate a restructuring of the mortgage loan with the lender in order to reduce operating deficits of the property. In view of, among other things, the significant operating deficits which the property is expected to incur during 1994 and for the next several years, it is unlikely that a restructuring of the mortgage will be obtained. The loan restructuring is part of a larger restructuring with the lender involving a number of loans secured by various properties in which O&Y affiliates have an interest. JMB/125 has notified the O&Y partners that their failure to advance funds to cover the operating deficits constitutes a default under the joint venture agreement. CARLYLE REAL ESTATE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - XV
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
Accordingly, it appears unlikely the O&Y partners will fulfill their obligations to 125 Broad and JMB/125. As a result, as discussed above, it appears unlikely that 125 Broad will be able to restructure the mortgage loan and JMB/125 is not likely to commit any significant additional amounts to the property. This would result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in the property. If this event were to occur, the Partnership would recognize a net gain for financial reporting and Federal income tax purposes without any corresponding distributable proceeds. In addition, under certain circumstances, as discussed above, JMB/125 may be required to make an additional capital contribution to 125 Broad in order to make up a deficit balance in its capital account.
The O&Y partners and certain other O&Y affiliates reached an agreement with the City of New York to defer the payment of real estate taxes owed in July 1992 on properties in which O&Y affiliates have an ownership interest, including the 125 Broad Street Building. Payment of the real estate taxes was made in six equal monthly instal