ITEM 1. BUSINESS
General - -------
Northwest Natural Gas Company (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of Oregon in 1910. The Company and its predecessors have supplied gas service to the public since 1859. The Company is principally engaged in the distribution of natural gas to customers in western Oregon and southwestern Washington, including the Portland metropolitan area.
Basic industries served by the Company include pulp, paper and other forest products; the processing of farm and food products; lumber and plywood; the production of various mineral products; the manufacture of electronic, electrochemical and electrometallurgical products; metal fabrication and casting; and the production of machine tools, machinery and textiles. The City of Portland, Oregon is the principal retail and manufacturing center in the Columbia River Basin. It is a major port and growing nucleus for trade with Pacific Rim nations such as Japan and Korea.
The Company has four subsidiaries, each of which is incorporated in the State of Oregon: Oregon Natural Gas Development Corporation (Oregon Natural), NNG Financial Corporation (Financial Corporation), NNG Energy Systems, Inc. (Energy Systems) and Pacific Square Corporation (Pacific Square).
Oregon Natural is engaged in natural gas exploration, development and production in Oregon and other western states, and, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Canor Energy Ltd. (Canor), an Alberta Corporation, also engages in gas and oil exploration, development and production in Alberta and Saskatchewan, Canada. Oregon Natural also holds an equity investment in a Boeing 737-300 aircraft. (See Part I, Item 2, and Part II, Item 8, Note 2 and Note 11.)
Financial Corporation holds financial investments as a limited partner in four solar electric generating plants, four wind power electric generation projects and a hydroelectric project, all located in California, and in a low-income housing project in Portland. Financial Corporation also arra