the Company held options to purchase 365,000 shares (347,000 shares vested) of Valhi common stock at exercise prices ranging from $5 to $15 per share.
In conjunction with the formation of Baroid, the Company and Baroid entered into a Cross-Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, as amended, the Company
agreed to indemnify Baroid with regard to all liabilities not expressly assumed by Baroid and Baroid agreed to indemnify the Company with regard to all liabilities assumed by Baroid.
Net amounts payable to affiliates are summarized in the following table.
NOTE 18 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:
Leases
The Company leases, pursuant to operating leases, various manufacturing and office space and transportation equipment. Most of the leases contain purchase and/or various term renewal options at fair market and fair rental values, respectively. In most cases management expects that, in the normal course of business, leases will be renewed or replaced by other leases. In addition, Kronos has a governmental concession through 2007 to operate its ilmenite mine in Norway.
Kronos' principal German operating subsidiary leases the land under its Leverkusen TiO2 production facility pursuant to a lease expiring in 2050. The Leverkusen facility, with approximately one-third of Kronos' current TiO2 production capacity, is located within the lessor's extensive manufacturing complex, and Kronos is the only unrelated party so situated. Under a separate supplies and services agreement, which expired in 1991 and to which an extension through 2011 has been agreed in principle, the lessor provides some raw materials, auxiliary and operating materials and utilities services necessary to operate the Leverkusen facility. Kronos and the lessor are continuing discussions regarding a definitive agreement for the extension of the supplies and services agreement. Both the lease and the supplies and services agreements restrict the Company's ability to transfer ownership or use of the Leverku