to be taken up by Congress in 1994. Stricter drinking water standards currently under consideration may result in additional capital expenditures being required of the Company.
The implications of the 1986 amendments to the SDWA and the EPA regulations for the Company can be analyzed by grouping contaminants into four categories: (i) microbials, (ii) inorganics, (iii) radionuclides and (iv) volatile organics.
With respect to microbials, improved disinfection and/or filtration is required under the EPA Surface Water Treatment Rule adopted pursuant to the SDWA. Necessary improvements to comply with the Surface Water Treatment Rule have been completed or are under way at a number of Consumers Water Subsidiaries. The estimated cost for 1994 and beyond for these improvements is $20 million. Other major improvements at two water treatment plants designed to increase capacity and upgrade facilities are estimated to cost $11 million. In addition, open water storage reservoirs may have to be covered or replaced at three subsidiaries at an approximate cost of $4 million.
Testing for lead and copper in finished water supplies, as required by the SDWA provisions dealing with inorganics, has been undertaken at a number of Consumers Water Subsidiaries. The most recent test results show that copper and lead levels meet the applicable standards at most of the Consumers Water Subsidiaries.
The EPA has not yet established the Maximum Contaminant Level (MCL) for radon gas in drinking water pursuant to the SDWA provisions applicable to radiouclides. The Company anticipates that the EPA will set those levels at not less than 300 pico curies/liter and has budgeted for capital expenditures of $5 million during the 1994 through 1998 period to treat groundwater supplies to comply with this anticipated radon standard. If the standard is set at 1,000 pico curies/liter, as proposed by an industry group, the necessary capital expenditures would be reduced to approximately $1 million.
The Consum