 will expire in the year 2015.
LP&L holds franchises to provide electric service in 116 incorporated villages, cities, and towns. Most of these franchises have 25-year terms expiring during the period 1995-2015. However, six of these municipalities have granted 60-year franchises, with the last one expiring in the year 2040. Of these franchises, none has expired to date, one is scheduled to expire as early as 1995, and 37 are scheduled to expire by year-end 2000. LP&L also supplies electric service in 353 unincorporated communities, all of which are located in parishes (counties) from which LP&L holds franchises to serve the areas in which the unincorporated communities are located.
MP&L has received from the MPSC certificates of public convenience and necessity to provide electric service to the areas of Mississippi that MP&L serves, which include a number of municipalities. MP&L continues to serve in such municipalities upon payment of a statutory franchise fee, regardless of whether an original municipal franchise is still in existence.
NOPSI provides electric and gas service in the City of New Orleans pursuant to city ordinances, which state, among other things, that the City has a continuing option to purchase NOPSI's electric and gas utility properties.
System Energy has no franchises from any municipality or state. Its business is currently limited to wholesale sales of power.
Environmental Regulation
General. In the areas of air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters, the System operating companies, System Energy, Entergy Power, and Entergy Operations are subject to regulation by various federal, state, and local authorities. Each of the Entergy companies considers itself to be in substantial compliance with those environmental regulations currently applicable to its business and operations. Entergy has incurred increased costs of construction and other increased costs in meeting en