ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL
St. Paul Bancorp, Inc. (the "Company") was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in February 1987 by authorization of the Board of Directors of St. Paul Federal Bank For Savings ("St. Paul Federal" or the "Bank") for the purpose of becoming the holding company of St. Paul Federal upon the Bank's conversion from federal mutual to federal stock form.
As a Delaware corporation, the Company is authorized to engage in any activity permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Company is presently conducting business as a non-diversified unitary thrift holding company. The holding company structure allows the Board of Directors greater flexibility to diversify and expand its business activities, through newly formed subsidiaries or through acquisitions of insured depository institutions and other companies. See "Regulation -- Thrift Holding Company Regulation." At present, the primary business of the Company is the business of St. Paul Federal, a federally chartered stock savings bank.
St. Paul Federal is a consumer oriented retail financial institution, operating 50 banking offices throughout the Chicago, Illinois metropolitan area, including 15 "in-store" full-service offices located in OMNI(R) grocery superstores. The in-store banking offices provide the Bank access to an expanded retail customer base. Through each of its banking offices, the Bank attracts retail deposits from the general public in the neighborhoods and surrounding suburbs of metropolitan Chicago with high levels of home ownership and favorable savings patterns. Deposit accounts in the Bank are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC").
The Bank focuses its current lending activities on the origination and purchase of mortgages secured by 1-4 family residential properties and the purchase of mortgage-backed securities ("MBS"). In addition to originating loans its local market area, the Bank utilizes a correspondent loan program to ori