mmercial, and industrial sales, respectively. Revenues from residential, commercial, and industrial customers increased 11.5%, 9.6%, and 5.4%, respectively, and revenues from kWh sales to affiliated and nonaffiliated utilities decreased 24.3%. West Penn's all- time peak load of 3,068 MW occurred on January 18, 1994.
- 5 -
West Penn's electric operating revenues were derived as follows: Pennsylvania, 100% (residential, 33.1%; commercial, 18.0%; industrial, 28.5%; nonaffiliated utilities, 14.1%; and other, 6.3%). Revenues from each of three steel customers exceeded $10 million, including two with revenues exceeding $31 million each.
On average, the Operating Subsidiaries are the lowest or among the lowest cost producers of electricity in their regions and therefore the Operating Subsidiaries' delivered power prices should compete favorably with those of potential alternate suppliers who use cost-based pricing. However, the Operating Subsidiaries are experiencing cost increases due to compliance with the CAAA and purchases from Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA) projects. (See page 7 for a discussion of PURPA projects, and ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS for a description of litigation and regulatory proceedings concerning PURPA capacity.)
In 1993, the Operating Subsidiaries provided approximately 13.3 billion kWh of energy to nonaffiliated utility companies, of which 1.5 billion kWh were generated by the Subsidiaries and the rest were transmitted from electric systems located primarily to the west. These sales included a long-term transaction under which the Operating Subsidiaries purchased 450 MW of firm capacity and its associated energy from Ohio Edison Company for resale to Potomac Electric Power Company, both nonaffiliated utilities. The transaction began in mid-1987 and will continue through 2005, unless terminated earlier.
Sales to nonaffiliated utility companies vary with the needs of those companies for imported power; the availability of System