 real estate located in the Partnership's Weston Community.
As part of its efforts to obtain the appropriate development permits discussed in the preceding paragraph, the Partnership has included this land as part of its proposed mitigation plan for the development of Increment III of its Weston Community.
The Partnership may be responsible for funding certain other ancillary activities for related entities in the ordinary course of business which the Partnership does not currently believe will have any material effect on its consolidated financial position or results of operations.
(12) TAX INCREMENT FINANCING ENTITIES
In connection with the development of the Partnership's Weston Community, which is in the mid stage of development, bond financing is utilized to construct certain on-site and off-site infrastructure improvements, including major roadways, lakes, other waterways and pump stations, which the Partnership would otherwise be obligated to finance and construct as a condition to obtain certain approvals for the project. This bond financing is obtained by The Indian Trace Community Development District ("District"), a local government district operating in accordance with Chapter 190 of the Florida Statutes. Under this program, the Partnership is not obligated directly to repay the bonds. Rather, the bonds are expected to be fully serviced by special assessment taxes levied on the property, which effectively collateralizes the obligation to pay such assessments. While the owner of the property, the Partnership is responsible to pay the special assessment taxes until land parcels are sold. At such point, the liability for the assessments related to parcels sold will be borne by the purchasers through a tax assessment on their property. These special assessment taxes are designed to cover debt service on the bonds, including principal and interest payments, as well as the operating and maintenance budgets of the District. The use of this type of bond financin