sts as covered expenses were actually incurred. In December 1990, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." The Statement required companies to change, by 1993, their method of accounting for the costs of these benefits to one that accelerates the recognition of costs by causing their full accrual over the employees' years of service up to their date of full eligibility. MDC, and therefore the Company, elected to implement this Statement for 1992 by immediately recognizing the January 1, 1992 accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of $3.1 million ($1.9 million after-tax).
On October 8, 1992, effective January 1, 1993, MDC terminated Company-paid retiree health care for both current and future non-union retirees and their survivors and replaced it with a new arrangement that will be funded entirely by participant contributions. The Company recorded a pretax curtailment gain of $2.8 million ($1.7 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 1992, reflecting the termination of Company-paid retiree health care for both current and future non-union retirees.
In December 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits." The Statement will be effective in 1994 and will require using an accrual approach for accounting for benefits other than retiree health care to former or inactive employees. The impact of the Company's adoption of this Statement is not expected to be material.
Note 10 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The estimated fair value amounts of the Company's financial instruments have been determined by the Company, using appropriate market information and valuation methodologies. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments:
Cash and Cash Equivalents Because of the short maturity of these instruments, the carrying amount ap