orded for those jurisdictions which reflect as net expense the funding of pensions and cash payment of other benefits in the ratemaking process.
TEMPORARY CASH INVESTMENTS: For purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, temporary cash investments with original maturities of three months or less, generally in the form of commercial paper, certificates of deposit, and repurchase agreements, are considered to be the equivalent of cash.
ACCOUNTING CHANGES: Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Post- retirement Benefits Other Than Pensions". This statement requires the costs of providing postretirement benefits, such as medical and life insurance, to be accrued over the applicable employees' service periods. Prior to 1993, medical expenses and life insurance premiums paid for retired employees and their dependents were recorded as expense in the period they were paid. Also effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes". This standard mandated a change from the previous income-based deferral approach to a balance sheet-based liability approach for computing deferred income taxes as further described in Note B.
The total provision for income taxes is different than the amount produced by applying the federal income statutory tax rate to financial accounting income before income taxes, as set forth below:
Federal income tax returns through 1989 have been examined and substantially settled.
In adopting SFAS No. 109, the Company recognized a significant increase in both deferred tax assets and liabilities. At December 31, 1993, the deferred tax assets and liabilities were comprised of the following:
(Thousands of Dollars)
Deferred tax assets: Unamortized investment tax credit $18 043 Unbilled revenue 4 181 Tax interest capitalized 2 430 Contributions in aid of construction 2 058 Vacation pay 1 958 Advances for construction 1 601 Other 4 455 34 726
Deferred tax liabilities: Book vs. tax