 is allowed a special bad debt deduction based on a percentage of taxable income (8%) before such deduction, or based on specified experience formulas. Through 1979, Northeast Savings consistently computed its annual addition to the tax bad debt reserve using the percentage of taxable income method. Subsequent to 1979, such annual addition has been computed under an experience formula because of operating losses incurred for federal income tax purposes.
At December 31, 1993, Northeast Savings' base year tax bad debt reserve totaled approximately $2.0 million for which a deferred tax liability is not required to be recognized under SFAS 109. If in the future, earnings allocated to this bad debt reserve and deducted for federal income tax purposes are used for payment of cash dividends or other distributions to stockholders, including distributions in redemption or in dissolution or liquidation, an amount up to approximately 1 3/4 times the amount actually distributed to the stockholders will be includable in Northeast Federal Corp.'s taxable income and be subject to tax.
Earnings and profits include taxable income net of federal income taxes and adjustments for items of income which are not taxable and expenses which are not deductible. For the tax year ended December 31, 1993, Northeast Federal Corp. and subsidiaries had current earnings and profits. Any dividends paid with respect to Northeast Savings, F.A.'s stock in excess of current or accumulated earnings and profits at year-end for federal tax purposes or any other stockholder distribution will be treated as paid out of the tax bad debt reserves and will increase taxable income as noted in the preceding paragraph.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) NOTE 16: GAIN (LOSS) ON SALE OF INTEREST-EARNING ASSETS, NET
Gains (losses) are summarized in the following table. For the year ended December 31, 1993 and the nine months ended December 31, 1992, virtually all sales 