e valued at the lower of cost or market; cost is determined on the average cost method.
Property and Depreciation--Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally three to seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the lease or the improvement.
Cost in Excess of Net Assets Acquired--Cost in excess of net assets acquired results principally from the acquisition in 1990 of Microamerica, Inc. and is being amortized over a period of forty years using the straight-line method. Accumulated amortization was $2,533,000 and $3,468,000 at December 31, 1992 and 1993, respectively.
Income Taxes--Deferred income taxes represent the amounts which will be paid or received in future periods based on the tax rates that are expected to be in effect when the temporary differences are scheduled to reverse.
The Company intends to invest the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries indefinitely. At December 31, 1992 and 1993, the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings on which the Company has not recognized United States income taxes was approximately $11 million and $15 million, respectively. However, it is anticipated that United States income taxes on such amounts would be substantially offset by available foreign income tax credits.
The Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," effective January 1, 1992. The adoption of this statement had no material effect on the Company's financial statements.
Disclosures about the Fair Values of Financial Instruments--The fair values of financial instruments, other than long-term debt, closely approximate their carrying value. The estimated fair value of long-term
MERISEL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)
debt including current maturities, based on reference