nterest in both the corpus and income.
(3) The amount shown includes 65,000 shares of common stock that Dr. Brown may acquire pursuant to currently exercisable non-qualified stock options granted to him by the Company. The shares with respect to which Dr. Brown shares the voting and investment power consist of 117,516 shares owned by Dr. Brown's wife, 50,727 shares owned by Robert C. Brown, M.D., Inc., a corporation wholly-owned by Dr. Brown, and 20,086 shares held by the Robert C. Brown M.D., Inc. Employee Profit Sharing Plan, of which Dr. Brown serves as the trustee. The amount shown does not include 56,090 shares directly owned by the children of Dr. Brown, all of which Dr. Brown disclaims beneficial ownership.
(4) See footnotes (3), (4), and (6) of the table under "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" of this Item for a description of the amount and nature of the shares beneficially owned by B. Golsen, including 14,000 shares B. Golsen has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days.
(5) See footnotes (3), (4), and (6) of the table under "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" of this Item for a description of the amount and nature of the shares beneficially owned by J. Golsen, including the 10,000 shares J. Golsen has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days.
(6) The amount shown includes 5,000 shares that he has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days pursuant to options granted under the Company's Incentive Stock Option Plans ("ISOs"), all of Mr. Goss has the sole voting and investment power. Mr. Goss shares voting and investment power over 2,429 shares owned by Mr. Goss's wife, individually and/or as custodian for Mr. Goss's children and has sole voting and investment power over the balance of the shares.
(7) The amount includes 65,000 shares that Mr. Ille may purchase pursuant to currently exercisable non-qualified stock options, all of which Mr. Ille has the sole voting and investment power. Mr. Il