rict of Columbia decided that the Corps had no jurisdiction in the matter. The Corps filed an appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. In 1987, the appellate Court decided that the Corps did have jurisdiction and remanded the case to the U.S. District Court for further consideration of the Corps' denial of the permit. The U. S. Supreme Court refused to review that decision. In 1988, the U.S. District Court reversed the Corps' denial of the dredge and fill permit. The District Court's decision, which has now been appealed, found, among other things, that the Operating Subsidiaries were denied an opportunity to review and comment upon written materials and other communications used by the Corps in making its decision, and as a result the Court remanded the matter to the Corps for further proceedings. Negotiations are ongoing to settle this matter. The Operating Subsidiaries cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
The holders of 46,537,924 shares of common stock of APS voted at a special meeting held on November 3, 1993 to amend APS' charter to reclassify each share of common stock, par value $2.50 per share, issued or unissued, into two shares of common stock, par value $1.25 each. The holder of 259,451 shares voted against the proposal and the holders of 296,598 shares abstained. The charter amendment became effective at the close of business on November 4, 1993. The amount of APS' stated capital was not changed as a result of the amendment.
The holder of the common stock of Monongahela on December 13, 1993, waived the holding of a meeting and consented in writing to the amendment of its Charter to reflect the redemption of 50,000 shares of $9.64 series cumulative preferred stock.
No other company submitted matters to a vote of shareholders during the fourth quarter.
- 36 -
Executive Officers of the Registrants
The names of the executive officers of each company, t