osals pending in the Federal and state legislatures which, if enacted, would significantly affect the petroleum industry. At the present time, it is impossible to predict what proposals, if any, might actually be enacted by Congress or the various state legislatures and what effect, if any, such proposals might have on the Royalty Properties and the Trust.
STATE REGULATION. Many state jurisdictions have at times imposed limitations on the production of gas by restricting the rate of flow for gas wells below their actual capacity to produce and by imposing acreage limitations for the drilling of a well. States may also impose additional regulation of these matters. Most states regulate the production and sale of oil and gas, including requirements for obtaining drilling permits, the method of developing new fields, provisions for the unitization or pooling of oil and gas properties, the spacing, operation, plugging and abandonment of wells and the
prevention of waste of oil and gas resources. The rate of production may be regulated and the maximum daily production allowable from oil and gas wells may be established on a market demand or conservation basis or both.
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION
GENERAL. Activities on the Royalty Properties are subject to existing Federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental quality and pollution control. It is anticipated that, absent the occurrence of an extraordinary event, compliance with existing Federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment will not have a material effect upon the Trust. Santa Fe cannot predict what effect additional regulation or legislation, enforcement policies thereunder, and claims for damages to property, employees, other persons and the environment resulting from operations on the Royalty Properties could have on the Trust.
SOLID AND HAZARDOUS WASTE. The Royalty P