 Texas have jurisdiction over rates, facilities and services of WGI and Southern, respectively.
The Company holds non-exclusive franchises with varying expiration dates in all incorporated communities where it is necessary to do so to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. In the five largest cities in which the Company's utility customers are located, such franchises expire as follows: Kansas City, Missouri in 1997; El Paso, Texas in 2000; Austin, Texas in 2006; and Port Arthur, Texas in 2013. The franchise in St. Joseph, Missouri is perpetual.
Gas service rates are established by regulatory authorities to collectively permit utilities to recover operating, administrative and finance costs, and to earn a return on equity. Gas costs are billed to customers through purchase gas adjustment clauses which permit the Company to adjust its sales price as the cost of purchased gas changes. The appropriate regulatory authority must receive notice of such adjustments prior to billing implementation. This is important because the cost of natural gas accounts for a significant portion of the Company's total expenses.
The Company must support any service rate changes to its regulators using an historic test year of operating results adjusted to normal conditions and for any known and measurable revenue or expense changes. Because the rate regulatory process has certain inherent time delays, rate orders may not reflect the operating costs at the time new rates are put into effect.
The monthly customer bill contains a fixed service charge, a usage charge for service to deliver gas, and a charge for the amount of natural gas used. While the monthly fixed charge provides an even revenue stream, the usage charge increases the Company's annual revenue and earnings in the traditional heating load months when usage of natural gas increases. The majority of the Company's rate increases in Texas and Oklahoma in recent years have been reflected in increased monthly fixed char