s besides the interest incurred on deposits and other borrowed funds are the provision for loan losses and other non-interest expenses including general and administrative costs and expenses on real estate and other assets acquired in settlement of loans.
Since 1989, the Company has pursued the operating strategy of providing traditional thrift banking services, namely gathering retail deposits and investing those deposits in adjustable rate residential mortgages. In 1993, however, the Company adjusted this strategy in consideration of the prevailing interest rate and economic environment. The low interest rate environment of 1993 brought with it high prepayments on existing mortgages, extremely competitive rates on adjustable rate mortgages in some markets, and deposit disintermediation as bank deposits were transferred into alternative investments such as mutual funds. The regional recessions in New England and in California increased the credit costs associated with lending in those regions, particularly in California.
As a result of these factors, in the third quarter of 1993, the Company modified its operating strategy both with regard to lending and to balance sheet structure. For example, adjustable rate mortgages originated in markets where start rates are extremely low are not retained for portfolio. In place of this adjustable rate mortgage production that had been retained for portfolio under the previous operating strategy, the Company is originating 10 and 15 year fixed rate mortgages for portfolio and is purchasing intermediate term mortgage-backed securities (MBSs). Further, in February 1994, the Company closed its loan origination office in California. This modified strategy is intended to reduce the Company's loan concentration in California, to reduce credit costs, and to increase the net interest margin.
Background. Northeast Savings was formed in March 1982 when The Schenectady Savings Bank, F.S.B., operating in the Albany-Schenectady area in ups