 remained in default under the related indebtedness or in other similar circumstances.
Each of the assignment agreements relating to the Availability Agreement provides that AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI shall make payments directly to System Energy. However, if there is an event of default, AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI shall make those payments directly to the holders of indebtedness secured by such assignment agreements. The payments shall be made pro rata according to the amount of the respective obligations secured.
The obligations of AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI to make payments under the Availability Agreement are subject to receipt and continued effectiveness of all necessary regulatory approvals. Sales of capacity and energy under the Availability Agreement would require that the Availability Agreement be submitted to FERC for approval with respect to the terms of such sale. No filing with FERC has been required because sales of capacity and energy from the Grand Gulf Station are being made under the Unit Power Sales Agreement. Other aspects of the Availability Agreement, including the obligations of AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI to make subordinated advances, are subject to the jurisdiction of the SEC under the Holding Company Act, which approval has been obtained. If, for any reason, sales of capacity and energy are made in the future pursuant to the Availability Agreement, the jurisdictional portions of the Availability Agreement would be submitted to FERC for approval. (Refer to the second preceding paragraph.)
Amounts that have been received by System Energy under the Unit Power Sales Agreement have exceeded the amounts payable under the Availability Agreement. Consequently, no payments under the Availability Agreement by AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI have ever been required. If AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, or NOPSI became unable in whole or in part to continue making payments to System Energy under the Unit Power Sales Agreement, and System Energy were unable to procure 