ent in its investigation. The requested documentation and other information were produced in March 1993, and no additional requests have been received.
On October 25, 1993, the NRC staff began an operational safety team inspection at River Bend that was concluded by mid-November 1993. The NRC held the inspection to verify that the plant is being operated safely and in conformance with regulatory requirements. The team's findings were discussed at a public meeting in November 1993, and a written inspection report was issued in January 1994. The inspection team found apparent violations in two categories: (1) procedure adequacy, and (2) concerns with the corrective action program. Due to the nature of these apparent violations, an enforcement conference was not warranted and no fine was proposed.
State Regulation
General. Each of the System operating companies is subject to regulation by its respective state and/or local regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over the service areas in which each company operates. Such regulation includes authority to set rates for electric and gas service provided at retail. (See "Rate Matters and Regulation - Rate Matters - Retail Rate Matters," above)
AP&L is subject to regulation by the APSC and the Tennessee Public Service Commission (TPSC). APSC regulation includes the authority to set rates, determine reasonable and adequate service, fix the value of property used and useful, require proper accounting, control leasing, control the acquisition or sale of any public utility plant or property constituting an operating unit or system, set rates of depreciation, issue certificates of convenience and necessity and certificates of environmental compatibility and public need, and control the issuance and sale of securities. Regulation by the TPSC includes the authority to set standards of service and rates for service to customers in the state, require proper accounting, control the issuance and sale of securities, and issue certifica