' surface mines in the coal producing states of Kentucky, West Virginia, Indiana and Illinois. In addition, sales of explosives are made on a wholesale basis to independent wholesalers and other explosives companies.
The Chemical Business sells high density prilled ammonium nitrate for use in agricultural markets in geographical areas within a freight-logical distance from its El Dorado, Arkansas, manufacturing plant, primarily Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas and Louisiana. The products are sold through 20 distribution centers, with 15 centers located in Northern and Eastern Texas, two centers located in Missouri and three centers located in Tennessee. The Chemical Business also sells its agricultural products directly to wholesale customers. The Company believes that it is a leader in the Texas ammonium nitrate market.
The Chemical Business sells its industrial acids, consisting primarily of high grade concentrated nitric acid and sulfuric acid, primarily to the food, paper, chemical and electronics industries. Concentrated nitric acid is a special grade of nitric acid used in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, explosives, and other chemical products. The Company believes that the Chemical Business is one of the leading producers of concentrated nitric acid in the United States for third party sales.
Patents: -------
The Company believes that the Chemical Business does not depend upon any patent or license; however, the Chemical Business does own certain patents that it considers important in connection with the manufacture of certain blasting agents and high explosives. These patents expire through 1997.
Regulatory Matters: ------------------
Each of the Chemical Business' blasting product distribution centers are licensed by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms in order to manufacture and distribute blasting products. The Chemical Business also must comply with substantial governmental regulations dealing with environmental matters. See "PROPERTIES - Chemical B