in Exhibit B attached hereto) shall not result in a merger of Lender's interest as beneficiary under the Deed of Trust with Lender's interest as fee title holder pursuant to the Deed.
5. Cumulative Remedies. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall preclude Lender from pursuing foreclosure of the Deed of Trust upon an Event of Default or failure to pay the Debt upon maturity, or any other rights and remedies under the Deed of Trust or the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Deed of Trust), instead of or in addition to directing the Escrow Agent to deliver the Transfer Documents to Lender in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and effectuating a transfer to Lender, its nominee, designee or assignee, pursuant to the Transfer Documents. Upon a default under the Loan Documents beyond applicable notice and cure periods, if any, or failure to pay the Debt in full on the maturity, Borrower shall within five (5) days of demand by Lender (unless the Debt shall have been paid in full within such five (5) day period) deliver to Lender, in a form and content acceptable to Lender, a stipulation of the facts, necessary to obtain a judgment of foreclosure uncontested by Borrower and a quitclaim deed of Borrower's redemption rights and Lender shall have the absolute right to file the same and complete a foreclosure of the Deed of Trust and a transfer of the Property pursuant to the terms thereof. Any documents or instrument required to be delivered under this paragraph shall be without recourse, cost or liability of any sort whatsoever to Borrower.
6. Specific Performance. The provisions of this Agreement shall be enforceable by an action for specific performance.
7. Termination of Escrow. Upon payment in full to Lender of the Debt, Lender shall by written notice to Escrow Agent terminate the Escrow and deliver the Transfer Documents to Borrower whereupon the Transfer Documents shall be deemed cancelled and null and void. Except as to deposits of funds for which E