L STATEMENTS YEAR ENDED OCTOBER 31, 1993 AND PERIOD FROM MAY 30, 1992 TO OCTOBER 31, 1992
A. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Accounting -- On May 29, 1992, The Cooper Companies, Inc. ('Cooper' or 'Parent') acquired all of the common stock of Hospital Group of America, Inc. (HGA) from its ultimate parent, Nu-Med, Inc. (Nu-Med). The acquisition of HGA was accounted for as a purchase and the purchase adjustments were 'pushed-down' to the separate financial statements of HGA resulting in a new basis of accounting as of May 30, 1992. The Parent's cost of the acquisition was approximately $50 million, including the assumption of approximately $22 million of third-party debt of HGA. The purchase price was allocated to assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The purchase price exceeded the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired resulting in goodwill. The estimated goodwill amount of $6,155,000 was recorded as of May 30, 1992 and is being amortized over 30 years on a straight-line basis.
Business -- The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of HGA and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the 'Company'). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. The Company owns and operates the following psychiatric facilities:
Effective May 30, 1992, PSG Management, Inc. (PSG), a sister company to HGA and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cooper, entered into a three year agreement with the following subsidiaries to manage the two psychiatric hospitals and the substance abuse treatment center owned by the subsidiaries of Nu-Med, Inc. The management fee earned by PSG from the subsidiaries of Nu-Med, Inc. related to this agreement is $2,000,000 annually, payable in equal monthly installments. The management agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by Nu-Med and a wholly owned subsidiary of Nu-Med, Inc. HGA is not a party to this agreement and therefore the m