eeds. Interest rate instruments have been used to alter the rate characteristics of both loans and deposits. Table 17 shows information on interest rate risk management instruments in effect at the end of 1993. The notional amount of these agreements was $1.3 billion. Additionally, Firstar has $1.3 billion of interest rate instruments for which it serves as an intermediary for customers. Notional principal amounts are the basis for the exchange of interest payments. Under a typical interest rate swap agreement, one party pays a fixed rate of interest on a notional amount to a second party, which in turn pays the first party a variable rate of interest on the same notional amount. Interest rate caps and floors require one party to pay another party if a variable interest rate is above or below a preset level. The net cash flow exchanged in these transactions increased net interest margin by five basis points in 1993. These off balance sheet transactions were constructed as hedges of existing balance sheet items and, to the extent that the hedges were effective, they served to offset reductions in the net interest margin associated with the hedged balances.
Firstar's simulation modeling indicated a modest vulnerability to 1994's net interest margin if interest rates would decline from current levels. The interest rate instruments in effect at year-end 1993 were constructed to contribute approximately seven basis points to net interest margin in a low rate scenario. The low rate scenario assumed a reduction of the prime interest rate from the current 6% level to 4.75% by the end of the year. The modeling indicates that this contribution from interest rate instruments will decline as rates increase. This reduced impact however, would be offset by wider spreads between earning asset rates and deposit rates. Therefore, a gradual increase in interest rates should not adversely impact Firstar's net interest revenue.
TABLE 17 INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT INSTRUMENTS DECEMBE