ojected maturity/repricing structure of the Company's interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities at December 31, 1993. The GAP Table does not use the contractual maturities of certain categories of assets and liabilities. Because prepayments of loans and withdrawals of deposits are determined by changing economic circumstances and customer behavior, adjustments to contractual terms were needed to obtain a more accurate measure of the repricing of certain asset and liability categories. See Note A to the GAP Table appearing on the following page.
Management also must adhere to interest-rate risk exposure limits established in June 1990 by the Board of Directors in compliance with Thrift Bulletin ("TB") 13. TB 13 requires that Management measure and report to the Board of Directors the effect that immediate increases and decreases of 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis points in market rates have upon net interest income and market value of portfolio equity.
GAP TABLE(a)
- ------------------ (a) The mortgage loan repricing/maturity projections were based upon principal repayment percentages in excess of the contractual amortization schedule of the underlying mortgages. Multi-family mortgages were estimated to be prepaid at a rate of approximately 5% per year; adjustable-rate mortgage loans on 1-4 family residences and loan securities were estimated to prepay at a rate of 18% per year; fixed-rate loans and loan securities were estimated to prepay at a rate of 20% per year. Checking accounts were estimated to be withdrawn at rates between 15% and 21% per year depending on the age of the accounts. Regular savings accounts were estimated to be withdrawn at rates between 15% and 26% per year. Except for multi-family loans, the prepayment and withdrawal assumptions included in the Asset/Liability Repricing Schedule applied the most recently available quarterly national interest rate risk assumptions distributed by the OTS. The Bank assumed a prepayment percentage of 5