ial statements. In view of, among other things, current and anticipated market and leasing conditions affecting the property, including uncertainty regarding the amount of space, if any, which IBM will renew when its lease expires in December 1998, the South Tower Venture, as a matter of prudent accounting practice, recorded a provision for value impairment of $67,479,871 (of which $20,035,181 has been allocated to the Partnership and is reflected in the Partnership's share of operations of unconsolidated ventures in the accompanying consolidated financial statements). Such provision, made as of August 31, 1993, is recorded to reduce the net carrying value of the Wells Fargo Center to the then outstanding balance of the related non-recourse debt. Further, there is no assurance that the joint venture or the Partnership will be able to refinance these notes when they mature in December o Partnership may then decide not to commit any significant additional amounts to the property. This may result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in the property, and would result in a gain for financial reporting and for Federal income tax purposes with no corresponding distributable proceeds. The property did not sustain any significant damage as a result of the January 1994 earthquake in southern California. Reference is made to Notes 1 and 3(c)(iii).
RiverEdge Place Building
The RiverEdge Place Building was 100% leased to an affiliate of the major tenant, First American Bank, under a long-term over-lease executed in connection with the purchase of the property. The Bank and its affiliate approached the Partnership indicating that they were experiencing significant financial difficulties. On June 23, 1992, the Partnership reached an agreement with the Bank and received cash and U.S. Government Securities valued at $9,325,000 for the buy-out of the Bank's over-lease obligations. The termination of the Bank's over-lease obligation yielded an approximately $1,591