It is anticipated that the Harrison Scrubber Project will be completed on schedule (late 1994) and that the final cost will be approximately 24% below the original budget. Primary factors contributing to the reduced cost include: 1) the absence of any major construction problems to date; 2) financing and material and equipment costs lower than expected; and 3) favorable rulings of state commissions allowing the inclusion of carrying costs of construction in rates in lieu of AFUDC. Construction expenditures through the year 2000 may include substantial amounts for
M-6
compliance with both Phase I and Phase II of the CAAA. The subsidiaries are estimating amounts of approximately $1.4 billion, which includes $482 million expended through 1993, depending upon the strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II. The mere possibility of new legislation which restricts or discourages carbon dioxide emissions, either through taxation or caps, further complicates the CAAA Phase II planning process. The remaining amount of this CAAA construction estimate, together with normal construction activity assures that continuing external financings will be required. In addition, the subsidiaries have additional capital requirements of an annual preferred stock sinking fund ($1.2 million) and debt maturities (see Note G to the consolidated financial statements).
INTERNAL CASH FLOWS
Internal generation of cash, consisting of cash flows from operations reduced by dividends, increased to $270 million in 1993. Regulatory commission orders received in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia provide for current cash recovery of the carrying costs of CAAA expenditures in rates, albeit with various amounts of lag. Based upon the authorizations received and requested and new rate cases planned in 1994, internal generation of cash can be expected to increase.
The increase in other investments reflects the 1993 cash surrender values for secured benefit plans and a related pr