
In June, 1992, the Company obtained $8,000,000 additional financing through a $13,500,000 sale of certain of the Company's contracts receivable. The agreement with respect to such sale requires that the Company maintain, in effect, certain employment agreements with Mr. Cortright, Mrs. Garbis, and certain other executive officers of the Company.
Pursuant to the requirements of such agreement, Mr. Cortright entered into a five-year employment agreement which continues through June 19, 1997. Such agreement is subject to automatic renewal for successive one-year periods unless notice of intent not to renew is given by the Company 60 days prior to the end of the applicable contract term. The agreement provides for Mr. Cortright to be paid his current annual salary of $200,000 (subject to such increases as may be mutually agreed upon) and for the furnishing of certain benefits, such as payment of an automobile allowance. The agreement contains "non compete" provisions which preclude Mr. Cortright from engaging, in any manner, or from being employed, in any capacity, in any business which could be deemed to be competitive with the Company in Florida, New York, New Jersey and Ohio during the five year term of his agreement, if his employment is terminated or constructively terminated by the Company or if he resigns his employment from the Company. Because of such non-compete provisions and to compensate Mr. Cortright for his exceptional services in conjunction with the completion of the restructuring of the Company's bank debt and the securing of financing for the Company through the above-mentioned contracts receivable sale and the Selex Loan, Mr. Cortright's agreement also provides for the payment of a $200,000 bonus, $50,000 of which was paid upon the signing of his agreement and the completion of the foregoing transactions, $50,000 of which was paid in June, 1993 (and is included in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above), $50,000 of which was due in June, 199