ment Company ("Boatmen's") (note 3(b)(i)). During 1991, the Partnership sold 62% of its interest in Harbor and in 1993 sold its remaining 38% interest in Harbor (note 7). In September 1992, the Partnership sold the Erie-McClurg Parking Facility (note 7). In June 1993, the Partnership sold its interest in Owings Mills Shopping Center (note 7). All of the properties owned at December 31, 1993 were completed and operating.
The cost of the investment properties represents the total cost to the Partnership or its ventures plus miscellaneous acquisition costs. Deprecia- tion on the operating properties has been provided over the estimated useful lives of 5-30 years using the straight-line method.
All investment properties are pledged as security for the long-term debt, for which generally there is no recourse to the Partnership.
Maintenance and repair expenses are charged to operations as incurred. Significant betterments and improvements are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives.
(b) RiverEdge Place Building
The RiverEdge Place Building (formerly the First American Bank Building) was 100% leased to an affiliate of the major tenant, First American Bank, under a long-term over-lease executed in connection with the purchase of the property. The Bank and its affiliate approached the Partnership and indicated that they were experiencing significant financial difficulties. On June 23, 1992, the Partnership reached an agreement with the Bank and received cash and U.S. Government securities valued at $9,325,000 for the buy-out of the Bank's over-lease obligations. The termination of the Bank's over-lease obligations yielded an approximately $1,591,000 reduction in accrued rents receivable. The Partnership took these courses of action due to the First American Bank's
CARLYLE REAL ESTATE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
deteriorating financial condition and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's ability to assu