ive percentage times his/her rounded total performance rating times his/her salary at the close of the year prior to the year for which the award is to be made.
The Management Review Committee or the Board of Directors,at its discretion, may supplement or decrease any partici-pant's calculated award to reflect extraordinary circumstances provided that it records its reason for doing so.
VII. FORM AND TIMING OF PAYOUT
Calculation of awards will be made as soon as practicable after the close of books for the year measured, but no award will be paid until it has been approved by the Management Review Committee or the Board of Directors, as appropriate.
Payment will be in current cash unless the Management Review Committee or the Board at its discretion provides for deferral.
VIII. TERMINATION AND TRANSFER PROVISIONS
Termination Provisions
-- Awards may at the discretion of the Management Review Committee or the Board be calculated on the basis of a full year's performance and prorated to the number of whole months actually served, except in the case of voluntary termination (other than retirement after the second quarter of the year) or termination by the company (with or without cause), in which case no award is made for year of termination.
Designation of "Unit" in cases of transfer among Operating Companies, Central Services, Bulk Power Supply, and New York
-- Weighting will be based on the number of months participant was in each unit.
IX. PLAN ADMINISTRATION
Administration of the plan is the responsibility of the Management Review Committee of the Board of Directors.
-- The Committee is responsible for review and administration of all Systemwide goals and has final approval over these and other matters involving the plan, including eligibility.
Exhibit 10.4
ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
(Effective July 1, 1990)
ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
1. Purpose of the Plan: The purpose of the Plan, the "Alleghe