rying value are reported in other noninterest income.
Securities not classified as held-to-maturity or trading are classified as available-for-sale. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value, with unrealized gains or losses, net of tax, reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity.
Held-to-maturity securities are purchased with the ability and intent to hold them to maturity and are, therefore, carried at cost adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount.
Amortization and accretion of discounts and premiums associated with securities classified as held-to-maturity or available-for-sale are computed on the straight-line basis adjusted for expected prepayment experience, which does not differ significantly from the level yield method. Gains and losses, and declines in value judged to be other than temporary, are included as part of noninterest income. The cost of securities sold is determined based on the specific identification method.
Loans Held-For-Sale--Loans held-for-sale are stated at the lower of aggregate cost or market.
Financial Interest Rate Instruments--The Corporation enters into financial interest rate instruments, primarily interest rate swaps, to manage its interest rate sensitivity and to generate fee income. Transactions designated as hedges of specific assets or liabilities are recorded as yield adjustments to the income or expense of the underlying assets or liabilities. Transactions hedging overall interest rate sensitivity or open positions are recorded using mark-to-market accounting. Income generated from matched transactions where the Corporation is acting as a financial intermediary is recorded as noninterest fee income.
Income on Loans Receivable--Loans are stated at the amount of unpaid principal, reduced by unearned income and an allowance for credit losses. The net asset amounts for leased equipment also reflect both related estimated residual values and unearned investment tax credits to the ext