rust to be determined and allocated daily or require some method of daily proration, which could result in an increase in the administrative expenses of the Trust.
TREATMENT OF TRUST UNITS
Because the Trust is treated as a grantor trust for tax purposes, each Holder will be treated as purchasing directly an interest in the Royalty Interests. The purchaser of a Depositary Unit will be required to allocate the portion of his total purchase price allocated to the Trust Unit among the Royalty Interests in the proportion that the fair market value of each of the Royalty Interests bears to the total fair market value of all of the Royalty Interests. For purposes of making this allocation, the Royalty Interests will include the Wasson ODC Royalty, the Wasson Willard Royalty and the Net Profits Royalties. Information regarding purchase price allocations will be furnished to Holders by the Trustee.
INTEREST INCOME
Based on representations made by Santa Fe regarding the reserves burdened by the Wasson Royalties and the expected life of the Wasson Royalties, the Wasson Royalties will be treated as 'production payments' under Section 636(a) of the Code. Thus, each Holder will be treated as making a mortgage loan on the Wasson Properties to Santa Fe in an amount equal to the amount of the purchase price of each Depositary Unit allocated to the Wasson Royalties. Because they are treated as debt instruments for tax purposes, the Wasson Royalties will be subject to the Original Issue Discount (OID) rules of Sections 1272 through 1275 of the Code. Section 1272 generally requires the periodic inclusion of original issue discount in income of the purchaser of a debt instrument. Section 1275 provides special rules and authorizes the IRS to prescribe regulations modifying the statutory provisions where, by reason of contingent payments, the tax treatment provided under the statutory provisions does not carry out the purposes of such provisions. The IRS has not yet issued either temporar