t Item 14(a). These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of McDonnell Douglas Finance Corporation and subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
We have also previously audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 1991, 1990 and 1989, and the related consolidated statements of income and income retained for growth, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 1990 and 1989 (none of which are presented separately herein); and we expressed unqualified opinions on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set forth in the selected financial dat