ion against the government in the United States Claims Court. On July 8, 1992, the Association moved to voluntarily dismiss its appeal of the district court's decision. The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted the Association's motion on July 9, 1992. On August 12, 1992, Northeast Savings refiled its action in the United States Claims Court. Note that, effective October 29, 1992, the United States Claims Court was renamed the United States Court of Federal Claims. The complaint is discussed further in Item 3: Legal Proceedings.
Subsequent to the initial complaint filed in 1989, the Association has recorded two significant reductions in the value of its supervisory goodwill. The first reduction of $109.4 million took place in the year ended March 31, 1990. The second reduction occurred in September 1992 and is explained in more detail in Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Results of Operations and Financial Condition. The reduction in supervisory goodwill should not affect the Association's claim, described above, pending in the United States Court of Federal Claims. The Association's remaining supervisory goodwill was eliminated in the quarter ended December 31, 1992 as a result of normal amortization and the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards.
Competitive and Regulatory Environment. Northeast Savings faces strong competition both in attracting retail deposits and in making residential real estate loans. Its most direct competition for deposits has historically come from savings banks, other savings and loan associations, commercial banks, and credit unions. The Association faces additional competition for retail depositors' funds from financial intermediaries offering money market and mutual funds and corporate and government securities. Additionally, Northeast Savings competes with mortgage banking companies, finance companies, and other institutional lenders for residential real estate loans. Th