tions worldwide continue to create business uncertainties for the coming year in many of the markets in which the Company operates. Management believes that its multiple niche market strategy helps the Company moderate effects from the cyclical behavior of any particular market segment that it serves.
Approximately 49% of the Company's property, plant and equipment of continuing operations has been acquired over the past five years and has a remaining useful life ranging from five years to fifteen years for equipment to thirty years for buildings. In addition, property, plant and equipment of the companies acquired by the Company have been adjusted to their fair value at the time of acquisition. Assets acquired in prior years are expected to be replaced at higher costs but this will take place over many years. The newer assets will result in higher depreciation charges but, in many cases, due to technological improvements, there will be operating cost savings as well. The Company considers these matters in establishing its pricing policies.
Approximately 5% of the Company's net sales from continuing operations were on prime contracts to the Department of Defense (DoD) of the United States Government in 1993 and 1992. Total sales to the DoD in the form of prime and subcontracts were approximately 11% of net sales from continuing operations in 1993 and 12% in 1992, adjusted downward from the 22% reported in 1992 to reflect the Company's divestiture program and decision to sell the Electro-Optical Systems business. In recent years, the DoD has taken a more aggressive position with its contractors with respect to contract performance and pricing issues, and has instituted legal action, including fines and curtailment of future defense business, against several contractors. The Company believes its relations with the DoD are satisfactory and currently does not have any significant disputes with the DoD, nor is it aware of any investigations by the DoD with respect to its