ns as early as 1926. United is one of the world's largest investor-owned airlines as measured by operating revenues, revenue passengers and revenue passenger miles flown. At the end of 1993, United served 159 airports in the United States and 32 foreign countries. During 1993, United averaged 2,040 departures daily, flew a total of 101 billion revenue passenger miles, and carried an average of 191,000 passengers per day.
United provides service to its domestic and international markets principally through a system of hub airports at major cities. Each hub provides United flights to a network of spoke destinations as well as flights to other United hubs. This arrangement permits travelers to fly from point of origin to more destinations without switching carriers. Currently, United flies from four U.S. hubs - Chicago-O'Hare International ("O'Hare"), Denver, San Francisco International, and Dulles International near Washington, D.C. ("Dulles") - and is the principal carrier at each of these hubs. United also has a Pacific hub operation at Tokyo Narita airport, and an Atlantic hub operation at London Heathrow Airport. During the last several years, United has strengthened the revenue-generating capability of the hub airports by: (1) adding new spokes (new cities and airports); (2) adding frequency on previously operated route segments; and (3) entering into marketing agreements with smaller U.S. air carriers which serve less populated destinations and with foreign carriers which serve destinations that United could not serve economically itself.
United has developed a route system covering North America, Asia, the South Pacific, Europe and Latin America.
Within North America, East-West traffic is served by nonstop Transcontinental flights and by the hubs at Chicago O'Hare and Denver, while North-South traffic on the West Coast is served by the San Francisco hub.
Within North America, United has a marketing program with selected independent regional air carriers, known 