l, commercial real estate, residential mortgage, retail, bankcard and foreign loans. Each loan category was further segmented by fixed and adjustable rate interest terms and by performing and nonperforming categories. Taxable fixed rate loans were valued separately from tax exempt loans. Commercial real estate was further segmented between investment and owner occupied properties.
The fair value of fixed rate performing loans except residential mortgages was calculated by discounting scheduled cash flows through the estimated maturity using estimated market discount rates that reflect the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The estimated maturity was based on the Corporation's historical experience with repayments for each loan classification modified, as required, by an estimate of the effect of current economic and lending conditions. Adjustable rate loans were considered to be at fair value if there had not been any significant deterioration in the credit risk of the borrower. Adjustable
FIRST MARYLAND BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) rate loans which had deteriorated in credit quality since their origination date were further discounted to reflect a reduction in fair value. Residential mortgages were valued based on quoted market prices for comparable mortgage- backed securities.
The fair value for significant nonperforming loans was determined by reducing the book value of nonperforming loans by the specific loan loss reserves established for these loans. Specific reserves were established by using appraisals, available market information and specific borrower information.
The fair value estimate for bankcard receivables is based on the value of existing loans at December 31, 1993 and 1992. This estimate does not include the value that relates to estimated cash flows from new loans generated from existing cardholders over the remaining life of the portfolio. Recent portfolio sales indicat