 Davis seek an injunction requiring GSU to provide the requested service and unspecified treble damages for GSU's refusal to provide the service. On November 9, 1989, the district court judge denied Cajun's and Jefferson Davis' motion for a preliminary injunction. On May 3, 1991, the judge stayed the proceeding pending final resolution of the matters still pending before FERC.
GSU and Cajun are parties to FERC proceedings regarding certain long-standing disputes relating to transmission service charges. Cajun asserts that GSU has improperly applied the terms of a rate schedule, Service Schedule CTOC, to its billings to Cajun and it seeks an order from FERC directing GSU to recompute the bills. GSU asserts that Cajun underpaid its bills, and it seeks an order directing Cajun to pay surcharges to make up the underpayments. On April 10, 1992, FERC issued an order affirming in part and reversing in part an ALJ's recommendations. Both GSU and Cajun have requested rehearing, and the requests are still pending. In addition, on August 25, 1993, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed portions of FERC's order previously decided adversely to GSU, and remanded the case to FERC for further proceedings. On January 13, 1994, FERC rejected GSU's proposal to collect an interim surcharge while FERC considers the court's remand. GSU interprets FERC's 1992 order and the Court of Appeals decision to mean that Cajun owes GSU approximately $85 million through December 31, 1993. If GSU also prevails on all of the issues raised in its pending request for rehearing of FERC's earlier orders, then GSU estimates that Cajun would owe GSU approximately $118 million through December 31, 1993. If GSU does not prevail on its rehearing request, and Cajun prevails on its rehearing request, and if FERC rejects the modifications GSU interprets the court of appeals to have directed, then GSU would owe Cajun an estimated $76 million through December 31, 1993. Pending FERC's ruli