 through the issuance of short-term debt and the sale of APS' common stock through its Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan and Employee Stock Ownership and Savings Plan.
The Operating Subsidiaries, if economic and market conditions make it desirable, may refund during 1994 up to $550 million of first mortgage bonds, up to $100 million of preferred stock, and up to $78 million of pollution control revenue notes through tender offers or optional redemptions.
FUEL SUPPLY
System-operated stations burned approximately 15.7 million tons of coal in 1993. Of that amount, 67% was cleaned (6.7 million tons) or used in stations equipped with scrubbers (3.9 million tons). Use of desulfurization equipment and cleaning and blending of coal make burning local higher-sulfur coal practical, and in 1993 about 96% of the coal received at System stations came from mines in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Ohio. The Operating Subsidiaries do not mine or clean any coal. All raw, clean or washed coal is purchased from various suppliers as necessary to meet station requirements.
Long-term arrangements, subject to price change, are in effect and will provide for approximately 12 million tons of coal in 1994. The System depends on short-term arrangements and spot purchases for its remaining requirements. Through the year 1999, the total coal requirements of present System-operated stations are expected to be met with coal acquired under existing contracts or from known suppliers.
The Operating Subsidiaries will meet the requirements of Phase I of the CAAA by installing scrubbers at Harrison Power Station. This will allow the continued use of local, high-sulfur coal there. A long-term contract for the supply of lime for use in the scrubber operation and for fixation of the scrubber byproduct has been negotiated and is expected to be signed in early 1994. It is expected that the use of lime will increase the costs of operating the station.
For each of the years 1989 through