ble transition rules to facilitate compliance with those rules. In addition, the OTS is also soliciting comments on a proposed regulation to take adequate account of credit concentration risk and the risk of non-traditional activities. Since, with the exception of the OTS interest rate risk component discussed below, these proposed rules are not yet final, it is not possible to assess their impact on the Association.
Proposed Leverage Ratio Requirement. On April 22, 1991, the OTS issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to establish a new minimum leverage ratio of 3% of adjusted total assets for savings associations without any supervisory, financial, or operational deficiencies, that is, associations receiving a composite rating of 1 on their regulatory examinations under the OTS MACRO system. The leverage ratio is the ratio of core capital to adjusted total assets. Higher leverage ratios, generally 100 to 200 basis points higher, would be required for all other associations, as warranted by particular circumstances or risk profiles. Thus, for all but the most highly rated institutions meeting the conditions set forth in the OTS notice, the minimum leverage ratio would be 3% plus an additional 100 to 200 basis points determined on a case-by-case basis. In all cases, savings institutions would be required to hold capital commensurate with the quality of risk management systems and the level of overall risk in each individual savings association as determined through the supervisory process on a case-by-case basis. Savings associations that no longer pass the minimum capital standards because of the new core capital leverage ratio requirements would be subject to certain restrictions and a limitation on distributions and would be required to submit capital plans that detail the steps they will
take to reach compliance with the fully phased-in capital standards by December 31, 1994. These capital plans would be due within 60 days of the effective date of the rule. The A