s of the Trustees and Chief Executive Officer as of June 30, 1994 were as follows:
DORIS V. ALEXIS, President of the Board of Trustees, formerly served as the Director of the California Department of Motor Vehicles. She was appointed to that position by the Governor in 1977 after 23 years of service with the Department of Motor Vehicles. She has experience in management, planning and budgeting and is currently a senior consultant to the National Traffic Safety Institute and a member of the Advisory Council to Californians for Drug Free Youth. She is the past President of the Board of Directors of the YWCA.
HOWARD E. COHN serves in the capacity of Operations Manager for the Trust. He has specialized in general real estate law and real estate, personal injury and insurance defense litigation since 1980. Mr. Cohn received a B.S. degree in business administration from Menlo College in 1974 and a Juris Doctor degree from Western State University College of Law in 1976. Mr Cohn is also a Trustee and Secretary of the Trust's 77% owned subsidiary California Real Estate Investment Trust.
STEVEN H. GOLD is Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Center Financial Group, which arranges debt and equity financing. Mr. Gold specializes in financing major real estate developments including income and residential properties. he also originates joint ventures for developers with institutional partners. Mr. Gold writes regularly for real estate publications on real estate investment and financing. he has lectured at major universities and has given seminars throughout the United States, Canada and Western Europe on these topics. Mr. Gold earned a Master's Degree in Business Administration from the University of California, Los Angeles. He is a Chairman of the Real Estate Advisory Board of UCLA and is a member of the Dean's Council of the UCLA School of Architecture and Urban Planning. He is listed in Who's Who in Real Estate and is a director of numerous civic organizations, including