ices of consolidated operations include drilling fluid systems, rock bits, downhole production tools, pipe coating and ball valves. The Western Atlas unconsolidated joint venture, which the Company has agreed to sell as discussed in Note R, provides integrated reservoir description services, seismic services, core analysis and wireline logging services. The Bredero Price and TK Valve & Manufacturing acquired operations are included in this segment (See Note D).
Note P - Information by Industry Segment and Geographic Area (Continued) - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hydrocarbon Processing Industry -------------------------------
The Segment provides highly engineered products, which are essential to the transportation and processing of various hydrocarbon raw materials, the conversion of the hydrocarbon raw materials into higher value-added energy forms and the marketing of refined products. Principal products, services and systems of consolidated operations include compressors, turbines, diesel engines, measurement and control devices, gas meters, piping specialties and gasoline dispensing systems along with related repair services. The Ingersoll-Dresser Pump unconsolidated joint venture provides pumps along with related repair services.
Engineering Services --------------------
The Segment, which consists of the M. W. Kellogg Company, is involved in the design, engineering and construction of energy-related complexes throughout the world.
Total revenues include sales and services to unaffiliated customers and either intersegment sales and services or intergeographic area sales and services. The intersegment and intergeographic area sales and services are accounted for at prices which approximate arm's length market prices.
Operating profit consists of total revenues less total operating expenses and includes equity earnings or losses from unconsolidated affiliates. General corporate expenses, foreign exchange gains o