 defects exist in the fan coil units, it is entitled to recovery from the subsidiary. The Company s subsidiary generally denies their customer s allegations and that any failures in the fan coil units were a result of improper design by the customer, improper installation or other causes beyond the subsidiary s control. The subsidiary has in turn filed claims against the suppliers of certain materials used to manufacture the fan coil units to the extent any failures in the fan coil units were caused by such materials. Discovery in these proceedings is continuing. The Company believes it is probable that it will receive insurance proceeds in the event of an unfavorable outcome.
The Company, including its subsidiaries, is a party to various other claims, legal actions, and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management after consultation with counsel, all claims, legal actions (including those described above) and complaints are adequately covered by insurance, or if not so covered, are without merit or are of such kind, or involve such amounts that unfavorable disposition would not have a material effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Company.
During 1993 the Company settled an outstanding dispute with the U.S. Customs Service. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement agreement, the Company made a payment of $1.8 million. This settlement payment has been included in nonfinancial services selling, general and administrative expenses in 1993.
In connection with its loan servicing activities, Equity Bank is contingently liable for certain mortgage loans sold with recourse to investors. At December 31, 1993, the outstanding principal balance of such loans is approximately $17.9 million.
LSB Industries, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
15. Segment Information
The Company and its subsidiaries operate principally in five industries.
Chemical
This segment manufactures and sells chemical