 high quality at competitive costs and to support their products with outstanding customer service. The loss by the Gerry Companies of their largest customer could have a short-term, material adverse effect on the segment.
SERVICES FOR RETAIL
Huffy Service First, Inc. ("HSF") and Washington Inventory Service ("WIS") each provide certain services to retailers. Inventory, assembly, repair and merchandise services provided by WIS and HSF to their customers represented 15.8 percent, 15.6 percent, and 15.5 percent of consolidated revenues of the Company for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.
a. PRODUCTS, MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION
Huffy Service First: HSF, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, headquartered in Miamisburg, Ohio, serves the needs of major retailers in 50 states, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands by providing in-store assembly, repair, and display services for a variety of products, including among other things, bicycles, gas grills, physical fitness equipment, lawn mowers, and furniture. HSF is the only assembly service business of this kind available to high volume retailers on a nationwide basis. HSF also offers merchandising services (installation and periodic maintenance of displays and merchandise replenishment) to vendors who supply high volume retailers.
Washington Inventory Service: WIS, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, headquartered in San Diego, California, provides physical inventory services on a nationwide basis to meet the financial reporting and inventory control requirements of mass retailers, drugstores, home centers, sporting goods stores, specialty stores and grocery stores. WIS operates from more than 140 offices nationwide.
b. SEASONALITY
The demand for services provided by this business segment is seasonal in that assembly service demand is generally strongest in spring and at the winter holiday season, and inventory service demand is generally strongest in the first and third calendar quart