
Margin lending by Schwab and M&S is subject to the margin rules of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the NYSE. Under such rules, broker-dealers are limited in the amount they may lend in connection with certain purchases and short sales of securities and are also required to impose certain maintenance requirements on the amount of securities and cash held in margin accounts. In addition, those rules and rules of the Chicago Board Options Exchange govern the amount of margin customers must provide and maintain in writing uncovered options.
As a California state-chartered trust company, CSTC is authorized to conduct business in California, and is primarily regulated by the California State Banking Department. Since it provides custody services to employee benefit plan trusts, CSTC is also required to comply with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and, consequently, is subject to oversight by both the Internal Revenue Service and Department of Labor. CSTC is required under state law to maintain a fidelity bond for the protection of account holders.
- 9 - THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
NET CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS
As registered broker-dealers, Schwab and M&S are subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1) promulgated by the SEC (the Net Capital Rule), which has also been adopted through incorporation by reference in NYSE Rule 325. Schwab is a member firm of the NYSE and the NASD, and M&S is a member firm of the NASD. The Net Capital Rule specifies minimum net capital requirements for all registered broker-dealers and is designed to measure financial integrity and liquidity. Failure to maintain the required net capital may subject a firm to suspension or expulsion by the NYSE and the NASD, certain punitive actions by the SEC and other regulatory bodies, and ultimately may require a firm's liquidation. Because CSC itself is not a registered broker-dealer, it is not subject to the Net Capital Rule. However, Schwab's fa