ip in continuous engineering improvements, manufacturing techniques, and other sales, service and marketing efforts are significant to maintaining its general market leadership position.
Trademarks and Tradenames
Several of the Company's products are sold under various trademarks and tradenames owned or licensed by the Company. Among the most significant are: Dover, Heil, Norris, Universal, DEK, Brown & Sharpe, Marathon, OPW, Duncan, Blackmer, Rotary Lift, Groen, Annubar, Sargent, A-C Compressor and Tipper Tie.
Seasonality
Dover's operations are generally not seasonal.
Customers
Dover's businesses serve thousands of customers, no one of which accounted for more than 10% of sales. Within each of the five segments, no customer accounted for more than 10% of segment sales.
- 4 - Backlog
Backlog generally is not considered a significant factor in Dover's businesses, as most products have relatively short delivery periods. The only exceptions are in those businesses which produce larger and more sophisticated machines, or have long-term government contractor subcontracts, particularly in the Diversified Group (Belvac, A-C Compressor, Sargent Controls and Sargent Technologies) and the Technologies Group (Universal).
Total Company backlog as of December 31, 1993 and 1992 was $710,977,000 and $606,681,000 respectively.
Competition
Dover's competitive environment is complex because of the wide diversity of products manufactured and markets served. In general, Dover companies are market leaders which compete with only a few companies. In addition, since most of Dover's manufacturing operation are in the United States, Dover usually is a more significant competitor domestically than in foreign markets. There are some exceptions.
In the Elevator segment, Dover competes for the manufacture and installation of elevators with a few generally large multinational competitors and maintains a strong domestic position. For service work, there are numerous local, regional and national c