nterest), any excess of the recorded investment in the loan over its value should be classified Doubtful, and the remainder should generally be classified Substandard.
An exception to this policy is for a loan that was restructured in a troubled debt restructuring involving a modification of terms prior to December 31, 1993. For loans restructured before December 31, 1993, the evaluation for probability of collection may be based on the collectibility of principal and interest under the restructured contractual terms. For all restructured loans, including loans modified before and after December 31, 1993, that become impaired after modification, the measurement of value is based on the same standard discussed above: (1) the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's original contractual interest rate; (2) the loan's observable market price; or (3) the fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent.
OTS does not allow savings institutions to use general valuation allowances to cover any amount considered to be a Loss under the above policy; however, specific valuation allowances may be used in lieu of charge-offs. BankAtlantic experienced no material write-downs as the result of complying with Regulatory Bulletin 31.
FAS 115 addresses the valuation and recording of debt securities as held-to-maturity, trading and available for sale. Under this standard, only debt securities that BankAtlantic has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity would be classified as held to maturity and reported at amortized cost. All others would be reported at fair value. FAS 115 must be adopted by January 1,1994, prospectively. If FAS 115 were effective at December 31, 1993, BankAtlantic does not believe that it would be required to reclassify its debt securities. The effect of implementation increased stockholders' equity by approximately $2.7 million on January 1, 1994. However, BankAtlantic believes that implementation of FAS 