der, the company is required to conduct an "interim remedial action" at the Gulf Coast Site in accordance with a Statement of Work and an earlier Record of Decision. Compliance with the Order was completed in December, 1993. A consent decree signed by the parties for performance of the final remediation was entered with the EPA and is awaiting judicial approval. The company's share of the estimated $16.4 million final remediation costs is 11 percent.
( 7 ) The company is still defending the EPA Region 9 administrative order issued under Section 106(a) of CERCLA requiring the company and eight other companies to conduct a prescribed Remedial Design and Remedial Action to address groundwater contamination at the Purity Oil Sales Superfund Site near Fresno, California. A consent order to perform the Remedial Design for the soils remedy has been negotiated. Execution of the remedy covered by the design will be negotiated later.
( 8 ) A final settlement was made with the City of Heath, Ohio, in 1993 in the lawsuit filed by the City against the company and Ashland Petroleum concerning an Ashland terminal, an alleged source of pollution which was formerly a company refinery until sold to Ashland in 1970.
In related matters, the joint investigation of pollution which may be related to the terminal/refinery site, as required by a consent order, is now complete. Negotiations are pending with the state over further required actions which will define the scope of the company's future liability at the Heath site.
The allegations against the company in all of the above matters have been denied. Although management does not believe that an award of punitive or treble damages is justified in any of these cases, any award of substantial punitive or treble damages, however remotely possible, could have a material effect upon the company's operating results or financial condition.
The company believes that its challenges to notices of environmental violations will be upheld or will re