 to obtain deposits.
St. Paul Federal strives for the betterment of the greater Chicago area and particularly those communities and neighborhoods it serves directly. The Bank attempts to serve the credit needs of the communities where its offices are located. In fulfilling the credit needs in its principal lending communities, the Bank funded over $1.7 billion in 1-4 family residential mortgage loans in the metropolitan area from 1989 through 1993.
See "Liquidity" and "Credit" in Management's Discussion and Analysis and "NOTE W - Concentration of Credit Risk" to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto and "Multi-Family and Commercial Real Estate Loans" below, for a discussion of asset origination and purchases beyond the Chicago area market.
INVESTMENTS
Federally chartered savings banks have authority to invest in various types of liquid assets, including United States Treasury obligations, securities of various federal agencies, certain certificates of deposit at insured depository institutions, certain bankers' acceptances and Federal funds. Subject to various restrictions, federally chartered savings institutions may also invest a portion of their assets in commercial paper and corporate debt securities and in mutual funds whose assets conform to the investments that a federally chartered savings institution is otherwise authorized to make directly. Historically, the Bank has limited its investments to United States Treasury obligations, securities of various federal agencies, and federal funds.
The Bank is required to maintain liquid assets at minimum levels which vary from time to time. St. Paul Federal's liquid investments primarily include United States government and agency securities and federal funds sold. See "Liquidity" in Management's Discussion and Analysis, and "NOTE B - Cash and Cash Equivalents," "NOTE C - Marketable-Debt Securities," and "NOTE K - Federal Home Loan Bank St