ities of the Company's consolidated North American operations produce approximately 85% of the amount of pulp used by its U.S. paper manufacturing operations, and the pulp mills and recycled fiber facilities of the Company's consolidated international subsidiaries produce somewhat less than one-half of the pulp used in their operations. The Company's unconsolidated affiliates in Canada and Mexico produce approximately one-half of their own pulp. Recycled fiber provides approximately 20% to 25% of the pulp used by the Company's consolidated personal care and cleaning manufacturing operations.
Market pulp is a commodity product available from a large number of suppliers around the world. The Company purchases pulp at market-related prices from numerous suppliers under contracts which generally extend automatically unless terminated by either party. In addition, the Company has entered into long term contracts with Millar Western Pulp Limited of Canada and an affiliate of Millar Western to purchase approximately 210,000 metric tons per year of chemi- thermomechanical pulp. The Company owns 20% of Forestal e Industrial Santa Fe, S.A., which owns and operates a 240,000 metric ton per year eucalyptus pulp mill in Chile. Under a long term contract with this company, Scott is entitled to purchase up to 80% of the pulp mill's output and is required to purchase at least 40% of the output. Each of these long term contracts provides for pricing which tends to reduce the effect of pulp market fluctuations on the Company.
The Company's annual harvest of pulpwood from its U.S. and Nova Scotia timberlands, which constitutes approximately 60% of the total annual harvest from such timberlands, equals approximately 30% of the pulp manufacturing requirements of the consolidated North American operations. Substantially all of the remainder of the timber harvest is sold as logs in international and U.S. markets. The estimated annual growth of such timber, in the aggregate, exceeds the an