h items and temporary investments and the net cash outflow still anticipated by the Company, the Company is considering a variety of alternatives to obtain funds through borrowings or other financings or sales of assets. See Item 7 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Capital Resources and Liquidity.'
FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT BUSINESS SEGMENTS, GEOGRAPHIC AREAS, FOREIGN OPERATIONS AND EXPORT SALES
Note 16 sets forth financial information with respect to TCC's business segments and sales in different geographic areas.
EMPLOYEES
On October 31, 1993, TCC and its subsidiaries employed approximately 970 persons. In addition, HGA's psychiatric facilities are staffed by licensed physicians who have been admitted to the medical staff of an individual facility. Certain of those physicians are not employees of HGA. TCC believes that its relations with its employees are good.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
The following are TCC's principal facilities as of December 31, 1993:
(table continued on next page)
(table continued from previous page)
- ------------ (1) Outstanding loans totaling $13,718,000 as of October 31, 1993, were secured by these properties. (2) Does not include optional renewal periods.
The Company believes its properties are suitable and adequate for its businesses.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
The Company is a defendant in a number of legal actions relating to its past or present businesses in which plaintiffs are seeking damages.
On November 10, 1992, the Company was charged in an indictment (the 'Indictment'), filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, with violating federal criminal laws relating to a 'trading scheme' by Gary A. Singer, a former Co-Chairman of the Company (who went on a leave of absence on May 28, 1992, begun at the Company's request, and who subsequently resigned on January 20, 1994), and others, including G. Albert Griggs, Jr., a former anal