Item 1. Business
General
Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation (the "Company") is a wholly owned finance subsidiary of Caterpillar Inc. ("Caterpillar"). The Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries in North America, Australia, and Europe are principally engaged in the business of financing sales and leases of Caterpillar products and non-competitive related equipment through Caterpillar dealers and is also engaged in extending loans to Caterpillar customers and dealers. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term "Company" includes subsidiary companies.
The Company's business is largely dependent upon the ability of Caterpillar dealers to generate sales and leasing activity, the willingness of the customers and the dealers to enter into financing transactions with the Company, and the availability of funds to the Company to finance such transactions. Additionally, the Company's business is affected by changes in market interest rates, which, in turn, are related to general economic conditions, demand for credit, inflation, governmental policies, and other factors.
The Company's retail financing business is highly competitive. Financing for users of Caterpillar products is available through a variety of competitive sources, principally commercial banks and finance and leasing companies. The Company emphasizes prompt and responsive service to meet customer requirements and offers various financing plans designed to increase the opportunity for sales of Caterpillar products and financing income for the Company. In addition, the Company's competitive position is improved by merchandising programs of Caterpillar, its subsidiaries, and/or Caterpillar dealers.
The following types of retail financing plans are currently offered:
Installment sale contracts. The Company finances retail sales of equipment under installment sale contracts with terms generally from one to five years. Such contracts may be entered into (i) by dealers with their customers and assigned to