 Two properties accounted for $653,000 of the $910,000 in total additions during 1993. At the current time, management does not anticipate any significant losses associated with other real estate.
Potential problem loans are defined as those loans which are now current but where management has doubt as to the borrower's ability to comply with present loan repayment terms. Potential problem loans totalled $192,000 at December 31, 1993. In management's judgement these loans are adequately collateralized and no significant losses are anticipated.
Loan concentrations are considered to exist when there are amounts loaned to a multiple number of borrowers engaged in similar activities which cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions and such amounts exceed 10% of total loans. Due to the lack of diversified industry within the markets served by the Group banks, and the relatively close proximity of the markets, the Company has both geographic concentrations as well as concentrations in the types of loans funded. Seven of the ten Group banks representing 81% of the Company's total loans at year-end are located within a thirty-mile radius of one another. Further, due to the nature of the Company's markets, a significant portion of the portfolio is associated either directly or indirectly with real estate. At December 31, 1993, approximately 65% of the portfolio consisted of real estate loans. Residential properties, including land acquisition and development loans for residential projects, comprise approximately 51% of the real estate portfolio.
Management is continually analyzing its loan portfolio in an effort to identify and resolve its problem assets as quickly and efficiently as possible. As of December 31, 1993, management believes it has identified and adequately reserved for such problem assets. However, management recognizes that many factors can adversely impact various segments of its markets, creating financial difficulties for certain bo