ends SFAS 5, "Accounting for Contingencies," to clarify that a creditor should evaluate the collectibility of both contractual interest and contractual principal of all receivables when assessing the need for a loss accrual. SFAS 114 also amends SFAS 15, "Accounting by Debtors and Creditors for Troubled Debt Restructurings," to require a creditor to measure all loans that are restructured in a troubled debt restructuring involving a modification of terms in accordance with SFAS 114.
SFAS 114 applies to financial statements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1994. Earlier application is encouraged. Management implemented SFAS 114 for the year ended December 31, 1993. Since the Company was previously in compliance with SFAS 114, the statement did not impact the Company's results of operations or financial condition.
SFAS 115 addresses the accounting and reporting for investments in equity securities that have readily determinable fair values and for all investments in debt securities. Those investments are to be classified in three categories and accounted for as follows:
. Debt securities that the enterprise has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as held-to-maturity securities and reported at amortized cost.
. Debt and equity securities that are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term are classified as trading securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings.
. Debt and equity securities not classified as either held-to-maturity securities or trading securities are classified as available-for-sale securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of shareholders' equity.
SFAS 115 does not apply to unsecuritized loans. However, after mortgage loans are converted to mortgage-backed securities, they are subject to its provisions. SFAS 115 supersedes SFAS 12, "Accounti