, while not needing to duplicate the adjudicatory process, is also required to conduct any investigation that is appropriate and necessary to discharge the above obligations.
ITEM 10. TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND ADVISOR OF THE REGISTRANT (Continued)
Executive Officers
The following persons currently serve as executive officers of the Trust: William S. Friedman, President and Chief Executive Officer; John A. Doyle, Executive Vice President; and Ivan Roth, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Their positions with the Trust are not subject to a vote of shareholders. The age, terms of service, all positions and offices with the Trust, BCM or Tarragon, other principal occupations, business experience and directorships with other companies during the last five years or more of Messrs. Friedman and Doyle are set forth above. Corresponding information regarding Mr. Roth is set forth below.
IVAN ROTH: Age 58, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (since February 1994).
Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (since February 1994) of VPT; Treasurer (since February 1994) of Tarragon and Tarragon Capital Corporation; Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (1978 to 1992) of Servico, Inc.; Financial Controller (1970 to 1978) of New York Motel Enterprises, Inc.; General Manager (1968 to 1970) of Affiliated Financial Corporation; and Certified Public Accountant (since 1968).
On September 19, 1990, Servico, Inc. filed a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code and was reorganized effective August 5, 1992.
Officers
Although not executive officers of the Trust, the following persons currently serve as officers of the Trust: Cary L. Newburger, Vice President - General Counsel; John C. Stricklin, Vice President - Real Estate and Mary E. Montagnino, Secretary. Their positions with the Trust are not subject to a vote of shareholders. Their ages, terms of service, all positions and offices with the Trust, BCM or Tarragon, other principal occupations, bus