tingently issuable.
The weighted average number of common shares and equivalents outstanding was 19.8 million, 19.2 million and 18.7 million, respectively, in 1993, 1992 and 1991. There were no dilutive common share equivalents outstanding in any years presented.
CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, investments and trade receivables. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents and investments with high-credit-quality financial institutions and limits the amount of credit exposure by any one financial institution. At times temporary cash investments may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit. The Company's trade receivables are derived from sales to customers. Management believes that any risk of loss is significantly reduced by its ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition and its requirement of collateral, such as letters of credit and bank guarantees, whenever deemed necessary.
ENVIRONMENTAL EXPENDITURES
All material environmental remediation liabilities which are probable and estimable are recorded in the financial statements based on current technologies and current environmental standards with adjustments made later if additional sources of contaminants are discovered that may require different remediation methods and a longer remediation period, and ultimately increase the total cost. The best estimate of the probable loss within a range is recorded. If there is no best estimate, the low end of the range is recorded, and the range is disclosed. In general, environmental remediation costs are charged to operating expenses with certain limited exceptions which meet generally accepted accounting principles' criteria for capitalization.
RECLASSIFICATIONS
Certain amounts in the 1992 financial statements have been reclassified. The reclassifications do not affect previous