e will extend east from the Iroquois Gas Transmission System at Canajoharie, New York to a location near Boston, Massachusetts and have an initial design capacity of 350 MMcf per day. The total project cost is expected to be $540 million. The pipeline is expected to be in service in late 1997. Construction of the project is subject to receipt of all federal regulatory approvals.
Colorado owns approximately 20% of Natural Fuels Corporation ("NFC") which is headquartered in Denver, Colorado. NFC's business is to develop compressed natural gas ("CNG") as an alternative vehicular fuel. Major services provided by NFC include vehicle conversions to CNG, fuel sales, CNG equipment sales, maintenance services, and training. Besides operating a full service conversion center which converts vehicles to CNG, NFC has installed 44 stations in Colorado, 26 of which are open to the public. NFC, in joint partnership with Total Petroleum, installs natural gas refueling facilities at selected Total Petroleum stores along the Colorado Front Range. This project is one of the largest public fueling station development commitments in the United States. As of January 1994, seven stations were operational and one was under construction. Also, Colorado is a co-sponsor in the testing of two Colorado Springs buses that are powered by dual-fueled engines modified to run on up to 90% natural gas.
On July 8, 1993, Young Gas Storage Company, Ltd. ("Young"), a limited partnership, filed an application with the FERC for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity authorizing, in part, the development, construction and operation of an underground natural gas storage field. The $44.4 million storage field project, to be located in Morgan County, Colorado, will be capable of storing 5.3 Bcf of working gas with a withdrawal rate of 200 MMcf per day when fully developed in 1998. The total capacity is under long-term contracts. On March 3, 1994, the FERC issued an Order Granting Preliminary Determin