ll engines contain time-limited components, each of which has a maximum amount of time (measured by operating hours) or a maximum number of operating cycles (measured by takeoffs and landings) after which the component must be removed from the engine assembly and overhauled or scrapped. Similarly, United's FAA-approved maintenance program specifies the number of hours or operating cycles between inspections and overhauls of the airframes and their component parts. The nature and extent of each inspection and overhaul is specifically prescribed by the approved maintenance program.
From time to time, the FAA issues airworthiness directives ("ADs") which require air carriers to undertake inspections and to make unscheduled modifications and improvements on aircraft, engines and related components and parts. The ADs sometimes cause United to incur substantial, unplanned expense and occasionally aircraft or engines must be removed from service prematurely in order to undergo mandated inspections or modifications on an accelerated basis. The issuance of any particular AD may have a greater or lesser impact on United compared to its competitors depending upon the equipment covered by the directive.
Since 1988 the airlines, in cooperation with the FAA, have been engaged in an in-depth review of the adequacy of existing maintenance procedures applicable to older versions of most of the aircraft types in general use in the airline industry. These include certain of the Boeing and Douglas aircraft used by United. As a part of this program, the FAA has issued ADs requiring interim inspections and remedial maintenance procedures. While certain of these aging aircraft ADs have necessitated unscheduled removals from service and increased maintenance costs, compliance is not expected to have a material adverse impact on United's costs or operations.
Legislation enacted by the U.S. Congress required the installation, in all types of aircraft operated by United, of a traffic collisio