 the Company performed a detailed analysis of the operating performance of the 141 hotel properties that it operated either through ownership, lease or management. The 141 hotel properties were comprised of 81 owned or leased hotel properties and 60 hotel properties managed by PMI for third parties. As a result of the analysis 54 owned and leased hotel properties and 15 managed hotel properties were identified for disposal through lease rejection, lease expiration, contract termination or sale. The majority of the disposals occurred during the second and third quarters of fiscal 1991.
In 1991, management segregated its hotel properties into Core Properties (those properties which PMI intended to retain) and Non-Core Properties (those properties intended for disposition).
The following table presents the direct revenues and expenses of PMI's owned and leased Core and Non-Core Properties as shown in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years ended June 30, 1992 and 1991. The discussion and analysis of direct revenues and expenses that follows the table focuses solely on the 30 owned and leased Core Properties that will continue to be owned or leased.
Owned and Leased Properties (In thousands of dollars, except for statistical information)
Room revenues for the 30 owned and leased Core Properties increased by $3.2 million in 1992 as compared to the prior year. Food and beverage revenues for such properties increased by $.4 million in 1992 as compared to the prior year. The increases were due to the opening of 3 new hotel properties in 1992 and the full year impact of 7 hotel properties opened in the first half of fiscal 1991. PMI experienced a decline in average daily rate which was offset by increased occupancy in 1992. The results were impacted by the slowdown in the economy, particularly in the Northeast, and increased competition resulting from the oversupply of hotels.
Direct expenses as a percentage of revenues for rooms for the 30 owned