ing responsibilities may also impact the company's ultimate liability. Settlements and costs incurred in matters that have been resolved have not been materially significant to the company's operating results or financial condition. Management believes that Unocal's costs will not vary proportionally from those of our competitors.
For sites where it is probable that future costs will be incurred, and such costs can be reasonably estimated, reserves have been recorded in the consolidated balance sheet. At December 31, 1993, the
company's environmental reserve for those sites was $87 million, which represents the company's estimate of the future liability for these costs. In addition, the company has accrued $432 million for the future costs to abandon and remove wells and production facilities.
Future changes in technology, government regulations and practices, will affect the company's ultimate liability for environmental remediation and abandonment costs.
On March 4, 1994, Unocal announced that if negotiations with the land owner permit the company to do so, it will permanently cease production at its Guadalupe Oil Field (central coast of California). The company will continue to concentrate on the cleanup of a diesel-like additive formerly used to help produce the heavy crude oil. The field is currently producing 170 barrels of oil per day. The field has been under study for some time to determine the extent of the underground contamination. Although the cleanup cost has not been determined, such cost is not expected to have a material effect on the company's operating results or financial condition
See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for information on contingent liabilities relating to environmental matters.
OUTLOOK
The 1994 outlook for the petroleum industry is uncertain since financial results are sensitive to product prices. Negative factors affecting crude prices include current oversupply, the possible re-entry of Iraq into the world oil ma