l maturities of ninety days or less, and federal funds sold are considered as cash and cash equivalents.
NOTE 4: SECURITIES PURCHASED UNDER AGREEMENTS TO RESELL
The securities purchased under agreements to resell at December 31, 1993 were collateralized by federal agency mortgage-backed securities. There were no securities purchased under agreements to resell at December 31, 1992. The following table provides additional information on the agreements.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) At December 31, 1993, the Association held only securities purchased under agreements to resell identical securities. The securities underlying the agreements were physically held by the Association until the maturity of the agreements.
NOTE 5: INVESTMENT SECURITIES
Investment securities consisted of the following:
At December 31, 1993, the net unrealized holding gain, net of tax effect, on available-for-sale securities that was included in the separate component of stockholders' equity was $8,978,000 exclusive of mortgage-backed securities available-for-sale. Proceeds, gains, and losses from sales of investment securities were as follows:
- -------- * Sales were due to credit concerns.
For the periods ended December 31, 1993 and 1992, gains and losses on investment securities which management has the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity resulted primarily from the recognition
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) of realized capital gains and losses allocated to the Association by two limited partnerships in which the Association has invested. In addition, for the year ended March 31, 1992, $5.8 million of these losses resulted from sales of corporate debt securities due to credit concerns.
The weighted average interest yields on investment securities were 5.13% and 6.09% at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Accrued interest and dividends receivable related to investmen