f real estate construction outstandings indicated that 90% of construction loan projects were at least "shell complete" (the building is essentially complete except for tenant specific interior improvements on unleased space) and approximately 92% of land loan projects were fully developed. As a result, at December 31, 1993, there was minimal building and land construction risk associated with the Corporation's real estate construction outstandings. Leasing risk within the portfolio is also modest as buildings are on average 91% leased or preleased.
REAL ESTATE MORTGAGE, COMMERCIAL
The Corporation's commercial mortgage portfolio increased $45.5 million in 1993, reflecting the transfer of completed projects into permanent financing and the ability of the Corporation to record selective new loans. Approximately $394.6 million (41.2%) of the outstandings are owner-occupied, for which repayment is primarily dependent on the operation of the owners' businesses. The Corporation intends to continue to actively solicit this business to support its emphasis as a relationship lender for regional companies. The remaining $563.0 million are investment property mortgages which are generally dependent on the operation, sale, or refinancing of the collateral. With new construction activity diminished, the Corporation will continue to selectively provide acquisition and refinancing loans.
REAL ESTATE MORTGAGE, RESIDENTIAL
The Corporation originates residential mortgage loans primarily for sale in the secondary market. New residential mortgage loan originations are primarily financed through the Corporation's mortgage banking subsidiary, First National Mortgage Corporation, and are limited to Maryland, Washington, D.C., Virginia, Delaware, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. This market has generally shown growth in per capita income, a relatively low unemployment rate, a diversified and stable economic base and, despite recent local economic weakness, charge- offs have been negligible.