al of income ceases and these loans are placed on a "cash basis" for purposes of income recognition. Loans upon which foreclosure action is commenced or for which borrowers have begun bankruptcy proceedings are reviewed individually as to continuation of interest accrual. Mortgage loans held for sale are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or market, after consideration of related loan sale commitments.
Reserve for loan losses--The reserve for loan losses is maintained at a level adequate to provide for potential loan losses through charges to operating expense. The reserve is based upon a continuing review of loans which includes consideration of actual net loan loss experience, changes in the size and character of the loan portfolio, identification of problem situations which may affect the borrowers' ability to repay and evaluation of current economic conditions. Loan losses are recognized through charges to the reserve. Installment and credit card loan losses are charged to the reserve based upon fixed delinquency periods. All other loans are evaluated individually and charged to the reserve to the extent that outstanding principal balances are deemed uncollectible. Any subsequent recoveries are added to the reserve.
Other real estate--Other real estate, the balance of which is included in other assets, includes primarily properties acquired through loan foreclosure proceedings or acceptance of deeds in lieu of foreclosure. These properties are recorded at the lower of the carrying value of the related loans or the fair market value of the real estate acquired less the estimated costs to sell the real estate. Initial valuation adjustments, if any, are charged against the reserve for loans losses. Subsequent revaluations of the properties, which indicate reduced value, are recognized through charges to operations. Revenues and expenditures related to holding and operating these properties are included in other operating expense.
Bank premises and equipment--Ba