the event of the unavailability of heavy fuel oil, certain nonutility generators of electricity with contracts with HELCO and MECO may need to use a more expensive alternative fuel such as diesel. The legislation amending the state Environmental Response Law allows these producers, subject to PUC approval, to charge the utilities rates for energy purchases reflecting their higher fuel costs rather than the currently approved rates and, in turn, permits each utility to pass on the increases to its customers through an automatic rate adjustment clause. To minimize the rate increase of any one utility, the legislation permits the PUC, under certain conditions, to utilize a statewide automatic adjustment clause. In 1993, HELCO received PUC approval for recovery of the higher fuel costs incurred by HCPC.
FUEL OIL USAGE AND SUPPLY
All rate schedules of the Company's electric utility subsidiaries contain energy cost adjustment clauses whereby the charges for electric energy (and consequently the revenues of the subsidiaries generally) automatically vary with the weighted average price paid for fuel oil and certain components of purchased energy, and the relative amounts of company-generated and purchased power. Accordingly, changes in fuel oil and purchased energy costs are passed on to customers. See "Electric utility -- Rates."
HECO's steam power plants burn low sulfur residual fuel oil. HECO's combustion turbines (peaking units) on Oahu burn diesel fuel. MECO and HELCO burn medium sulfur industrial fuel oil in their steam generating plants and diesel fuel in their diesel engine and combustion turbine generating units.
In the second half of 1993, HECO concluded agreements with Chevron, U.S.A., Inc. (CUSA) and BHP Petroleum Americas Refining Inc. (BHP), formerly Hawaiian Independent Refinery, Inc., to purchase supplies of low sulfur fuel oil for a two-year term commencing January 1, 1994. The PUC approved these agreements and issued a final order in December 1993 permitti