ated consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and have reported thereon under date of February 10, 1994. The aforementioned consolidated financial statements and our audit report thereon are incorporated by reference in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993. As stated in Note 1 to those financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for certain domestic inventories from the FIFO method to the LIFO method and, for certain other inventories within the Lighting segment, in the method of applying LIFO as required by changes in the nature of the Company's business and states that the newly adopted accounting principles are preferable in the circumstances because these changes provide a better matching of costs with related revenues. In accordance with your request, we have reviewed and discussed with Company officials the circumstances and business judgment and planning upon which the decision to make these changes in the method of accounting was based.
With regard to the aforementioned accounting changes, authoritative criteria have not been established for evaluating the preferability of one acceptable method of accounting over another acceptable method. However, for purposes of Thomas Industries Inc.'s compliance with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we are furnishing this letter.
Based on our review and discussion, with reliance on management's business judgment and planning, we concur that the newly adopted methods of accounting are preferable in the Company's circumstances.
Very truly yours,
S/KPMG PEAT MARWICK
Exhibit 23.
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
The Board of Directors Thomas Industries Inc.
We consent to incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 33-16257) on Form S-8 and (No. 33-51653) on Form S-8 of Thomas Industries Inc. of our report dated February 10, 1994, relating to the consolidated balan