ffect in the consolidated financial position and results of operations through December 31, 1992.
In March 1993, Equity Bank, the Company, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC - as manager of the FSLIC Resolution Fund) and the Resolution Trust Corporation (RTC) finalized an agreement terminating the Assistance Agreement. In connection with this Termination Agreement, the RTC paid Equity Bank approximately $14.2 million in cash and all of the obligations of both parties under the Assistance Agreement were terminated. As a result of the Termination Agreement, Equity Bank assumed all credit risk with respect to existing covered assets. Equity Bank allocated a substantial portion of such $14.2 million to record the previously covered loans and foreclosed real estate at estimated fair value. As a result, Equity Bank believes that there are adequate discounts relating to the assets to reserve for the credit risk which was assumed. Also as a result of the
LSB Industries, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
4. Assets Covered by FSLIC Assistance and FSLIC Receivables and Payables (continued)
Termination Agreement, Equity Bank is no longer indemnified for any potential claim relating to any covered asset arising out of, or based upon, any liability, action or failure to act of Equity Bank or any of Equity Bank s affiliates, officers or directors from and after December 30, 1988 that are asserted against the FDIC or Equity Bank related to covered assets. The effect of the accounting for the Termination Agreement included reclassifying previously covered assets to reflect their status at the termination date (on a fair value basis), all related receivables and payables were extinguished, the cash payment from the FDIC Manager was recorded and goodwill existing relating to the Arrowhead acquisition was adjusted for this resolution of a contingent purchase price.
Completion of the Termination Agreement had no effect on total stockholders equity 