and terminable at any date with or without cause by the Trustees. If the contract is terminated before the first anniversary date or not renewed at the first anniversary, Mr. Morrow will be entitled to receive a termination payment equal to one year's salary ($300,000).
ITEM 11.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The following table lists the cash compensation of the Trustees and the officers of the Trust for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1993:
(1) Includes compensation paid to Jeffrey B. Berger as Secretary of the Trust from October 1, 1992 through August 31, 1993.
(2) Does not include amounts paid to Center Financial Group, a company owned by Mr. Gold, a trustee. Also does not include amounts paid to Howard Cohn, a trustee, for legal services. See "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions."
Trustees and Officer
Each Trustee is paid $2,000 for each Trustees' meeting attended. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 1993, 8 regular meetings and 3 special meetings for the Trustees were held.
In August 1992, the Trust established a policy pursuant to which Trustees who are requested to render extraordinary service to the Trust receive $2,000 per full day, or a pro rata amount for less than a full day, plus expenses incurred in performing such services. If any Trustee receives a transaction fee in connection with any services performed for the Trust, expenses and extraordinary compensation paid or payable will be credited against the amount of the transaction fee.
ITEM 12.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
Following is the beneficial security ownership of the trustees of the Trust and all trustees, officers and former officers as a Group who owned Shares at June 30, 1994. Except as otherwise indicated, all securities are directly or beneficially owned by the named trustee. No person is known to the Trust to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding Shares.
* Ownership represents less than 1% of the total outstand