mismanagement of partnership assets, among other things. In April 1993, the court dismissed all of the claims and awarded Messrs. Phillips and Friedman sanctions against plaintiffs' counsel.
In Southmark/CRCA Healthcare Fund VIII, L.P. v. Southmark Investment Group 87, Inc., et al., the plaintiff, a former Southmark related public limited partnership, alleged that in 1988 the defendants caused the plaintiff to purchase five nursing homes in violation of the partnership agreement. The plaintiff sought to recover actual damages in an unspecified amount, plus punitive damages and attorneys' fees and costs. The defendants included, among others, Messrs. Phillips and Friedman and TCI, which provided refinancing for the properties. The case was settled in October 1993.
In an action filed in January 1993 in a Michigan state court captioned Van Buren Associates Limited Partnership, et.al. v. Friedman, et. al., the plaintiff, an affiliate of the plaintiff in two other cases against Messrs. Phillips and Friedman which have been dismissed without payment, alleges a claim in connection with an alleged 1988 transfer of certain property by the partnership. The plaintiff seeks damages in an unspecified amount, plus costs and attorney's fees. The plaintiff also seeks to quiet title to the property at issue. The defendants include, among others, Messrs. Phillips and Friedman.
ITEM 10. TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND ADVISOR OF THE REGISTRANT (Continued)
Board Committees
The Trust's Board of Trustees held nine meetings during 1993. For such year, no incumbent Trustee attended fewer than 75% of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings held by the Board of Trustees during the period for which he had been a Trustee and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board of Trustees on which he served during the periods that he served.
The Trust's Board of Trustees has an Audit Committee, the function of which is to review the Trust's operating and accounting 