 ready for its intended use. In 1991, capitalized improvements and additions included $867,000 of interest on funds borrowed to finance construction. No interest was capitalized in 1993 and 1992. Capitalized leases are recorded at the lower of fair market value or the present value of future lease payments.
Depreciation of the Property is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, ranging generally from 10 to 40 years. Capitalized lease assets are amortized over the lease term. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
DEFERRED LEASING COSTS
Costs incurred in connection with the execution of a new lease, including leasing commissions, costs associated with the acquisition or buyout of existing leases and legal fees, are deferred and amortized over the term of the new lease.
NET INCOME (LOSS) AND DISTRIBUTIONS PER COMMON SHARE
Net income (loss) and distributions per Common Share for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991 have been computed based on the 10,277,469 Common Shares outstanding during the periods.
INCOME TAXES
No provision has been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for income tax liabilities since the Unitholders and General Partners of the Partnership were required to include their respective share of profits and losses in their individual tax returns.
The ongoing operations of the Company generally will not be subject to Federal income taxes as long as the Company qualifies as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, the Company will be required to distribute at least 95% of its taxable income to the shareholders and to meet certain asset and income tests, as well as certain other requirements.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Cash equivalents include short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less.
Included in the consolidated statements of cash flows are cash payments for interest (net of amount