 letter from counsel for plaintiffs in which counsel for plaintiffs conclude that there is insufficient evidence to maintain the claim against the defendants. This matter has been set for jury trial during the two-week period commencing June 6, 1994.
Elliot Borkson, et al vs. BFC Financial Corporation. Circuit Court of the 11th Judicial Circuit in and for Dade County Florida. Case No. 88-11171 (CA 10). In March 1988, a group of approximately 54 shareholders of BankAtlantic filed a class action suit against Registrant alleging Registrant had breached its agreement, contained in an option agreement ("the Pearce Agreement") pursuant to which Registrant had purchased shares of BankAtlantic, to offer to acquire all of the remaining outstanding shares of BankAtlantic at a price equal to the greater of (i) $18 per share or (ii) an amount per share which, in the opinion of an investment banking firm of recognized national standing, is fair to the stockholders of BankAtlantic. Such obligation was subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals and was relieved if there occurred a material adverse change in financial conditions affecting the savings and loan industry. Plaintiffs seek to recover compensatory damages arising from Registrant's alleged breach of contract, costs, interest and attorneys fees. In April 1988, BankAtlantic joined in a motion to stay the proceedings pending resolution of a similar action filed in Pennsylvania and transferred to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida. The stay with respect to the proceedings remains in effect.
Marvin E. Blum, et al vs. BFC Financial Corporation; Alan B. Levan and Jack Abdo. Case No. 88-6277, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. This litigation was commenced on February 11, 1988, by International Apparel Associates as a class action against BFC Financial Corporation and Alan Levan. Subsequently, the Borkson plaintiffs and their counsel were substituted for Inter