as of December 31, 1993. The purchasing institution will pay a premium of three percent to Northeast Savings for deposits on hand at the time of closing. The transaction is expected to close by the end of the second quarter, and is subject to regulatory approval.
ITEM 9.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES
Northeast Federal Corp. has engaged Deloitte & Touche as its new independent accountants. Deloitte & Touche will serve as the independent accountants for both Northeast Federal and its savings and loan association subsidiary, Northeast Savings, F.A. The decision to hire new independent accountants was recommended by the Audit Committees of both Northeast Federal and Northeast Savings and approved by the Board of Directors on September 24, 1993. Coopers & Lybrand, who previously served as the independent accountants for Northeast Federal and Northeast Savings, were dismissed on the same day.
On September 24, 1993, the date on which the Board of Directors approved the hiring of Deloitte & Touche as the new independent accountants for Northeast Federal and Northeast Savings, F.A., subject to compliance with requisite regulatory requirements, Northeast Savings, the Rhode Island Depositors Economic Protection Corporation and the trustees of certain Rhode Island financial institutions had an outstanding balance due to Deloitte & Touche for professional services performed in conjunction with the 1992 acquisition of certain assets of four Rhode Island institutions by Northeast Savings, F.A. Fees for the services rendered were paid prior to the commencement of the current audit engagement.
In connection with the audits of the two fiscal years ended March 31, 1992 and December 31, 1992 and the subsequent interim period through September 24, 1993, there were no disagreements with Coopers & Lybrand on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, whic