 and whether the AFA participates in the transaction.
United's relations with these labor organizations are governed by the Railway Labor Act. Under this Act, collective bargaining agreements between United and these organizations become amendable upon the expiration of their stated term. If either party wishes to modify the terms of any such agreement, it must notify the other party before the contract becomes amendable. After receipt of such notice, the parties must meet for direct negotiations and, if no agreement is reached, either party may request that a mediator be appointed. If no agreement is reached, the National Mediation Board may determine, at any time, that an impasse exists and may proffer arbitration. Either party may decline to submit to arbitration. If arbitration is rejected, a 30-day "cooling off" period commences, following which the labor organization may strike and the airline may resort to "self-help," including the imposition of its proposed amendments and the hiring of replacement workers.
United's wage and related costs accounted for 33% of its total operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 1993. In order to enhance its competitive position, United has taken various steps to reduce its unit costs, including the layoffs of 2,800 employees in February 1993, the reduction in force which is resulting from the flight kitchen sales, reductions in non-personnel expenses and the redeployment of certain aircraft to more profitable airports.
The long-term competitiveness of United's labor costs, and the long-term financial stability and profitability of United, is expected to be improve if the proposed Employee Investment Transaction is consummated.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties
Flight Equipment
As of December 31, 1993, United's aircraft fleet totaled 544 jet aircraft, of which 246 were owned and 298 were leased. These aircraft are listed below:
Average Average Aircraft Type No. of Seats Owned Leased* Total Age (Years)
B727-222A 14