ote B of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
PRODUCTS AND MARKET. The Company is engaged primarily in the manufacture and distribution of components used by companies that manufacture furniture and bedding for homes, offices and institutions. Manufacturers of finished furniture and bedding use many component parts which can be standardized and more efficiently produced in volumes beyond the individual needs of most such manufacturers. It is this market for component parts which the Company serves through its furniture and bedding component product lines.
The Company's components customers manufacture bedding (mattresses and boxsprings), upholstered furniture and other finished products for sale to wholesalers, retailers, institutions and others. Historically, the furnishings industry has been highly fragmented and included many relatively small companies, widely dispersed geographically. Although there has been a trend toward consolidation in the furnishings industry, the industry as a whole remains fragmented to a substantial degree.
The Company's component products are sold and distributed primarily through the Company's sales personnel.
In addition to components, the Company manufactures and sells finished products for the furnishings industry. These finished products include sleep-related finished furniture and carpet cushioning materials. Some of the finished furniture products are sold to bedding and furniture manufacturers which resell the finished furniture under their own labels to wholesalers or retailers. Certain finished furniture such as bed frames, fashion beds, daybeds and other select items are also sold by the Company directly to retailers. The Company's carpet cushioning materials are sold primarily to floor covering distributors with some direct contract sales.
The following list is representative of the principal products produced by the Company in the furnishings industry:
BEDDING COMPONENTS Lectro-LOK-R-, Web-LOK-TM-, LOK-Fast-TM-, 