 the Director of the OTS for the safe and sound operation of savings institutions are to be no less stringent than those established by the Office of the Comptroller the Currency (the "OCC") for national banks. The Bank, as a member of the SAIF, also is subject to regulation and supervision by the FDIC, in its capacity as administrator of the SAIF, to ensure the safety and soundness of the SAIF. See "-- Insurance of Deposits."
Effective July 21, 1993, the Bank's Supervisory Agreement entered into with the OTS in July 1990 was terminated. In connection with such termination, the Bank indicated to the OTS that it has no immediate plans to re-enter the multi-family lending business on a nationwide basis and remains committed to reduce the level of the Bank's classified assets as well as to reduce multi-family and commercial loan concentrations outside the State of Illinois.
Capital Requirements. Under OTS regulations, savings institutions must maintain (i) "core capital" in an amount of not less than 3% of total assets, (ii) "tangible capital" in an amount not less than 1.5% of total assets and (iii) a level of risk-based capital equal to 8% of risk- weighted assets. Capital requirements higher than the generally applicable minimum requirement may be
established for a particular savings institution if the OTS determines that the institution's capital is or may become inadequate in view of the particular circumstances. Individual minimum capital requirements may be appropriate where the savings institution is receiving special supervisory attention, has a high degree of exposure to interest rate risk, or poses other safety or soundness concerns.
Capital standards established by the OTS for savings institutions must generally be no less stringent than those applicable to national banks. Under OTS regulations, the term "core capital" generally includes common stockholders' equity, noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus, and minority interests in the e