million for environmental remediation at CF&I's Pueblo, Colorado steel mill. CF&I believes $36.7 million is the best estimate from a range of $23.1 to $43.6 million. CF&I's estimate of this environmental reserve was based on two separate remediation investigations and feasibility studies conducted by independent environmental engineering consultants. The estimated costs were based on current technologies and presently enacted laws and regulations. The reserve includes costs for RCRA (Resource Conservation and Recovery Act) facility investigation, a corrective measures study, remedial action, and operation and maintenance of the proposed remedial actions. The State of Colorado is reviewing a permit application and will issue a permit to CF&I with a schedule for corrective action specifying activities to be completed by certain dates. The State of Colorado anticipated that the schedule would be reflective of a straight line rate of expenditure over 30 years. The State of Colorado stated the schedule for corrective action could be accelerated if new data indicated a greater threat to the environment than is currently known to exist. Any adjustment to the environmental liability as a result of new technologies, new laws, or new facts after the purchase price allocation period will be generally recognized as an element of income with certain limited exceptions which meet generally accepted accounting principles' criteria for capitalization.
For financial statement reporting purposes only, the acquisition has been treated as a business combination using the purchase method of accounting. Accordingly, the purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values at the date of acquisition.
The operating results of this acquisition are included in the Company's consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. The estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are summarized as follow