ry A. Singer, Steven G. Singer, Brad C. Singer, Martin Singer, John D. Collins II, Back Bay Capital, Inc., G. Albert Griggs, Jr., John and Jane Does 1-10 and The Cooper Companies, Inc., which was filed on May 26, 1992 in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York. The plaintiff, Bruce D. Sturman, a former officer and director of the Company, alleged that Gary A. Singer, as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors, and various members of the Singer family caused the Company to make improper payments to alleged third-party co-conspirators, Messrs. Griggs and Collins, as part of the 'trading scheme' that was the subject of the Indictment. The complaint requested that the Court order the defendants (other than the Company) to pay damages and expenses to the Company, including reimbursement of payments made by the Company to Messrs. Collins and Griggs, and to disgorge their profits to the Company. Pursuant to its decision and order, filed August 17, 1993, the Court dismissed this action under New York Civil Practice Rule 327(a). On September 22, 1993, the plaintiff filed a Notice of Appeal.
The Company was named in an action entitled Bruce D. Sturman v. The Cooper Companies, Inc. and Does 1-100, Inclusive, first brought on July 24, 1992 in the Superior Court of the State of California, Los Angeles, County. Mr. Sturman alleged that his suspension from his position as Co-Chairman of the Board of Directors constituted, among other things, an anticipatory breach of his employment agreement. On May 14, 1993, Mr. Sturman filed a First Amended Complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Alameda, Eastern Division, the jurisdiction to which the original case had been transferred. In the Amended Complaint, Mr. Sturman alleged that by first suspending and then terminating him from his position as Co-Chairman, the Company breached his employment agreement, violated provisions of the California Labor Code, wrongfully terminated him in violat