pril 4, 1982, the Trust sold its shares at $10 per share regardless of the value of its investment portfolio. The equity interests in real estate owned by the Trust are carried on its financial statements at the lower of (a) cost less accumulated depreciation, or (b) net realizable value, rather than at current fair market values. Accordingly, any increase or decrease in portfolio value is reflected in the Trust's financial statements only upon the sale of a property or upon a determination by the Trust that the value of a property has been impaired by economic circumstances. Historically, the Trustees from time to time adjusted the offering price of the Trust's shares to reflect appreciation of the Trust's portfolio. The first such adjustment was made on April 4, 1982, when the price per share was raised to $11.50. On June 9, 1983, the Trustees revalued the Trust portfolio, raising the price per share to $12.00.
There is no established market for the Trust's Shares. From July 1973 until July 5, 1989, the Trust engaged in a continuous intrastate offering of its securities pursuant to permits issued by the California Commissioner of Corporations. In May 1989, the Trust advised its shareholders that (a) the offering would terminate as of July 5, 1989 and (b) shareholders desiring to purchase or sell shares pursuant to the "crossing" arrangement described below would have to submit their purchase orders or shares prior to that date. Although the shares of the Trust are not traded on any exchange or on the NASDAQ System, several registered broker-dealers from time to time have matched orders to purchase and sell outstanding shares.
Status of Liquidation
The Trust terminated the continuous offering and the crossing arrangement effective July 5, 1989. The Trust determined that it would arrange for the purchase at $10.80 per share ($12 per share less commissions) of all shares properly submitted to the designated crossing agent prior to the termination date. To the extent 