d ratios, total debt limitations, borrowing base limitations, restrictions as to dividend payments, stock reacquisitions, certain investments and additional liens. Further, this revolving credit facility is initially uncollaterized; however, it would become collaterized by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company's accounts receivable, inventory and certain related contract rights
SOUTHERN UNION COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) in the event that Southern Union issues debt collaterized by 20% or more of the property, plant and equipment of Southern Union. The facility expires on December 31, 1996, but may be extended annually for periods of one year beginning on September 30, 1994 with the consent of each of the banks. The revolving credit facility is subject to a commitment fee of an annualized .25% on the unused balance. The interest rate on borrowings on the revolving credit facility is calculated based on a formula using the LIBOR and prime interest rates. The average interest rate under the revolving credit facility was 4.7% for the year ended December 31, 1993.
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT PLAN AND POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN
The Company maintains a trusteed non-contributory defined benefit retirement plan which covers substantially all employees. Benefits are based on years of service and the employee's compensation during the last ten years of employment. The Company funds plan costs in accordance with federal regulations, not to exceed the amounts deductible for income tax purposes. The plan's assets are invested in a cash fund, bond funds and stock funds.
During 1993, the Company completed an early retirement program for certain of the Company's employees. Approximately 75 of an eligible 109 employees accepted the early retirement program. As a result, the Company recognized expenses of approximately $702,000 associated with special termination benefits.
The components of n