tion under a formula profit-sharing plan, employers should report satisfaction of the liabilities when the shares are committed to be released to settle the liabilities. Compensation cost and liabilities associated with providing such benefits to employees should be recognized the way they would be if an ESOP had not been used to fund the benefit.
. For ESOP shares committed to be released to replace dividends on allocated shares used for debt service, employers should report satisfaction of the liability to pay dividends when the shares are committed to be released for that purpose.
. Employers should credit unearned ESOP shares as the shares are committed to be released based on the cost of the shares to the ESOP. The difference between the fair value of the shares committed to be released and the cost of those shares to the ESOP should be charged or credited to additional paid-in capital.
. Employers should charge dividends on allocated ESOP shares to retained earnings. Employers should report dividends on unallocated shares as a reduction of debt or accrued interest or as compensation cost, depending on whether the dividends are used for debt service or paid to participants.
. Employers should report redemptions of ESOP shares as purchases of treasury stock.
. Employers should report loans from outside lenders to ESOPs as liabilities in their balance sheets and should report interest cost on the debt. Employers with internally leveraged ESOPs should not report the loan receivable from the ESOP as an asset and should not report the ESOP's debt from the employer as a liability.
. For earnings-per-share (EPS) computations, ESOP shares that have been committed to be released should be considered outstanding. ESOP shares that have not been committed to be released should not be considered outstanding.
SOP 93-6, although it does not change the existing accounting for nonleveraged ESOPs, contains guidance for nonleveraged ESOPs. SOP 93-6 also addresses issues concernin