t venture is installing an off-gas desulfurization system at the Louisiana plant at an estimated cost of $15 million. The German systems are scheduled to be completed in 1996 and the Louisiana system is scheduled for completion in 1995.
Kronos' ilmenite mine near Hauge i Dalane had a permit for the offshore disposal of tailings through February 1994. In February 1994, Kronos completed the $15 million onshore disposal system to replace the offshore disposal of tailings. Onshore disposal will result in a modest increase in the mine's operating costs.
The Quebec provincial government is an environmental regulatory body with authority over Kronos' Canadian TiO2 production facilities in Varennes, Quebec, which currently consist of plants utilizing both the chloride and sulfate process technologies. The provincial government regulates discharges into the St. Lawrence River. In May 1992, the Quebec provincial government extended Kronos' right to discharge effluents from its Canadian sulfate process TiO2 plant into the St. Lawrence River until June 1994, at which time Kronos' new $25 million waste acid neutralization facility is expected to be completed. In January 1993, the Quebec provincial government granted a permit to Kronos to construct the facility and established the future permit parameters, which Kronos will be required to meet upon completion of the facility.
Notwithstanding the above-described agreement, in March 1993 Kronos' Canadian subsidiary and two of its directors were charged by the Canadian federal government with five violations of the Canadian Fisheries Act relating to discharges into the St. Lawrence River from the Varennes sulfate process TiO2 production facility. The penalty for these violations, if proven, could be up to Canadian $15 million. Additional charges, if brought, could involve additional penalties. The Company has moved to dismiss the case on constitutional grounds. The Company believes that this charge is inconsistent with the extension