eived by the Operating Subsidiaries from the WVDEP regarding excursions above limits contained in NPDES permits for discharge of leachate from fly ash landfills in West Virginia. One violation notice was withdrawn by the state agency and the other was resolved without payment of substantial penalty. On January 27, 1994 and February 9, 1994, the Operating Subsidiaries received two separate notices of violation from PADER regarding excursions above limits contained in the NPDES permit for discharge of leachate from Hatfield's Ferry Power Station fly ash landfill. One violation notice was resolved without payment of substantial penalty. The Operating Subsidiaries are working with the PADER to resolve the other alleged violation. It is not anticipated that the alleged violation will result in substantial penalties.
Hazardous and Solid Wastes
Pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 and the Hazardous and Solid Waste Management Amendments of 1984 (RCRA), EPA regulates the disposal of hazardous and solid waste materials. Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Maryland, Ohio, and Virginia have also enacted hazardous and solid waste management legislation.
With the installation of the scrubbers at the Harrison Power Station, approximately 2.8 million tons per year of scrubber sludge, consisting principally of limestone and ash, will be generated and disposed of in a disposal facility owned and operated by the Operating Subsidiaries. The expected capacity of the site is 30 years. Pleasants Power Station processes its scrubber sludge using a wet-fixation and slurry system, with the treated sludge disposed of in a properly permitted sludge pond. Mitchell and Harrison Power Stations process their scrubber sludge by a dry-fixation process with the stabilized sludge disposed of in a properly permitted landfill. Coal combustion byproducts from all other facilities are either sold for beneficial reuse or landfilled in properly permitted and currently adequate disposal fa