oreign countries. While the Company operates on a worldwide basis, for the purposes of presenting certain financial information in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission rules, its operations are deemed to be conducted in three geographic areas. Commissions and fees, and operating profit by each such geographic area for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, and related identifiable assets at December 31 of each of the years, are summarized in Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
While the Company has no reason to believe that its foreign operations as a whole are presently jeopardized in any material respect, there are certain risks of operating which do not affect domestic operations but which may affect the Company's foreign operations from time to time. Such risks include the possibility of limitations on repatriation of capital or dividends, political instability, currency devaluation and restrictions on the percentage of permitted foreign ownership.
Executive Officers of the Registrant as of March 1, 1994
(a) All executive officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors of Grey. Each executive officer has been with Grey for a period more than five years. There exists no family relationship between any of Grey's directors or executive officers and any other director or executive officer or person nominated or chosen to become a director or executive officer.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. Properties.
Substantially all offices of the Company are located in leased premises. The Company's principal office is at 777 Third Avenue, New York, New York, where it now occupies total floor space of approximately 357,000 square feet. The main lease covering the bulk of this space expires in 1999. The Company also has significant leases covering other offices in New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Amsterdam, Brussels, Copenhagen, Dusseldorf, Hong Kong, London, Madrid, Milan, Paris, St