ition for certiorari to the United States Supreme Court. As of December 31, 1993, petitions for allowance of an appeal of the decision of the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court on the Burgettstown project were pending before the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. West Penn cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.
On October 28, 1993, South River Power Partners, L.P. ("South River") filed a complaint against West Penn with the PUC. The complaint seeks to require West Penn to purchase 240 MW from a proposed coal-fired PURPA project which South River proposes to build in Fayette County, Pennsylvania. South River's proposed initial price for this power would be over $0.09 per kWh. West Penn is opposing this complaint as the power is not needed and the price is in excess of avoided cost. The Pennsylvania Consumer Advocate, the Small Business Advocate, the PUC Trial Staff and various industrial customers have also intervened in opposition to the complaint. West Penn cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.
- 33 -
Two previously reported complaints had been filed with the West Virginia PSC by developers of cogeneration projects in Marshall and Barbour Counties, West Virginia to require Monongahela and Potomac Edison to purchase capacity from the projects. These two cases were consolidated. The West Virginia PSC on March 5, 1993, found that: Monongahela had no need for additional capacity; Potomac Edison will need new combustion turbine generating capacity beginning in 1996; and Potomac Edison's avoided cost estimate, which is substantially below the costs sought by the developers of the projects, is reasonable. The developers have asked the West Virginia PSC to consider issues not resolved in the March 5, 1993 order. On June 25, 1993 the West Virginia PSC found that Potomac Edison had a PURPA obligation to purchase power from qualifying facilities properly interconnected to the System in Monongahela's service territory and ordered negotiations by Monongahela and Potoma