ation which approved the non-environmental aspects of the project. The Company is reviewing this Order and intends to seek rehearing with respect to some aspects of this Order. CIG Gas Storage Company and Young Gas Storage Company, the two general partners in the Young Partnership, are affiliates of Coastal. The limited partner is the City of Colorado Springs, a municipal corporation of the State of Colorado.
CGS has established a producer and market services division to provide financing services to producers. This division will arrange funding for acquisitions and development of oil and gas reserves and other producer capital requirements. As a result of these activities, CGS will obtain access to long- term oil and gas supplies enhancing CGS' marketing capabilities.
Coastal States Gas Transmission Company, a subsidiary of the Company, is building a natural gas intrastate pipeline from the Bob West Field in South Texas to run initially 26 miles north to the Midcon Texas Pipeline System at a cost of approximately $8 million. This new pipeline is expected to be completed prior to June 1994 and will transport up to 200 MMcf per day of natural gas without compression and up to 350 MMcf per day with compression.
Funding for certain pending and proposed natural gas pipeline projects is anticipated to be provided through non-recourse financings in which the projects' assets and contracts will be pledged as collateral. This type of financing typically requires the participants to make equity investments totaling approximately 20% to 30% of the cost of the project, with the remainder financed on a long-term basis.
REFINING, MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION
The Company has subsidiary operations involved in refining, marketing and distribution of petroleum products. The petroleum industry is highly competitive in the United States and throughout most of the world. This industry also competes with other industries in supplying the energy needs of various types of consumers.
REFININ