ustrial de San Cristobal, S.A., through its subsidiaries and affiliates, manufactures and markets consumer sanitary tissue products, including Petalo bathroom tissue, towels and napkins, Confort and Saba sanitary protection products and Baby Fresh baby wipes, as well as away-from-home sanitary paper and cleaning products and systems. This affiliate also produces coated and uncoated printing and writing papers for the Mexican market. The Costa Rican subsidiary and its subsidiary in Honduras produce consumer sanitary tissue products, principally Natural bathroom tissue for Central American and Caribbean markets.
EUROPEAN OPERATIONS
Scott's European personal care and cleaning business is conducted by the following consolidated subsidiaries and in certain cases by their wholly-owned subsidiaries, all of which are wholly-owned directly or indirectly by Scott unless otherwise noted.
BELGIUM -- Scott Continental N.V., Scott Paper International Trade Venture (Europe) B.V.
FRANCE -- Scott S.N.C.
GERMANY -- Scott Paper GmbH, Scott GmbH
ITALY -- Scott S.p.A.
THE NETHERLANDS -- Scott Page N.V.
PORTUGAL -- Scott Paper Portugal Lda.
SPAIN -- Scott Iberica, S.A. (99.7% owned)
UNITED KINGDOM -- Scott Limited, Cross Paperware Limited
The Company's European subsidiaries generally market sanitary tissue products in their own countries, and the products are manufactured either by the same subsidiaries or by others under arrangements designed to optimize use of the Company's manufacturing facilities across Europe. The Company's principal consumer products which are marketed in several European countries include Scottex bathroom tissue, disposable towels, napkins and facial tissue, Baby Fresh baby wipes and Cotonelle bathroom tissue and facial tissue. Similar products are sold under the Andrex trademark in the United Kingdom, the Le Trefle trademark in France, the Cel trademark in Spain, the Servus and Pro Natur trademarks in Germany and the Page and Popla trademarks in the Netherlands a