s pollution and retiring facilities. In compliance plans submitted to the PUCO and to the EPA, the Company stated that reductions for the years 1995 through 1999 are likely to be achieved by burning lower sulfur fuel, generating more electricity at its lower emitting plants and/or purchasing emission allowances. The Company continues to evaluate its compliance plans and other compliance options as they arise. Plans for complying with the year 2000 reductions are less certain at this time.
The Companies are required to meet federally approved SO2 regulations, and the violations of such regulations can result in injunctive relief, including shutdown of the generating unit involved, and/or civil or criminal penalties of up to $25,000 per day of violation. The EPA has an interim enforcement policy for the SO2 regulations in Ohio which allows for compliance with the regulations based on a 30-day averaging period. The EPA has proposed regulations which could cause changes in the interim enforcement policy including a revision of methods of determining compliance with emission limits. The Companies cannot predict what action the EPA may take in the future with respect to the proposed regulations or the interim enforcement policy.
Water Regulation
Various water quality regulations, the majority of which are the result of the federal Clean Water Act and its amendments, apply to the Companies' plants. In addition, Ohio and Pennsylvania have water quality standards applicable to the Companies' operations. As provided in the Clean Water Act, authority to grant federal National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) water discharge permits can be assumed by a state. Ohio and Pennsylvania have assumed such authority.
The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency (Ohio EPA) has issued NPDES Permits for the R.E. Burger, Edgewater, Niles, W.H. Sammis and West Lorain plants and has proposed a water discharge permit for the Mad River Plant. The West Lorain Plant is in compliance wi