gram have varying laws concerning usury. Management believes that all loans acquired by the Bank in other states are in compliance with applicable usury limitations.
REGULATION
GENERAL
The Company, as a savings institution holding company (a "thrift holding company"), and St. Paul Federal, as a federally chartered savings bank, are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the OTS as their primary federal regulator. The Bank also is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the FDIC and as to certain matters by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board").
In recent years there have been a significant number of changes in the manner in which insured depository institutions and their holding companies are regulated. Such changes have imposed additional regulatory restrictions on the operations of insured depository institutions and their holding companies. In particular, regulatory capital requirements for insured depository institutions have increased significantly. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (the "FDICIA") requires the bank regulatory agencies to impose certain sanctions on insured depository institutions which fail to meet minimum capital requirements. In addition, the deposit premiums paid by insured depository institutions have increased significantly in recent years and will most likely increase in the future.
THRIFT HOLDING COMPANY REGULATION
General. Under the Home Owners' Loan Act (the "HOLA"), the Company, as a thrift holding company, is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by, and the reporting requirements of, the Director of the OTS.
The HOLA permits, subject to a number of conditions, the acquisition by a thrift holding company, such as the Company, of control of another savings institution or thrift holding company with prior written approval of the Director of the OTS, including in certain situations an acquisition that would re