ry out their housing finance mission, remain adequately capitalized, and operate in a safe and sound manner. FIRREA also broadened membership in the Federal Home Loan Banks to include insured banks and credit unions in addition to savings associations. Financial institutions which maintain FHLB membership must hold stock in the FHLB within certain guidelines. As a result of membership, an institution can secure FHLB advances in accordance with the
requirements of the FHLB. However, members who do not meet the Qualified Thrift Lender test discussed below have reduced access to advances.
Northeast Savings is a member of the FHLB of Boston and as such is required to maintain an investment in capital stock of the FHLB of Boston in an amount equal to the greater of one percent of its outstanding residential mortgage loans and similar obligations, one-twentieth of its outstanding advances, or .3% of total assets. Northeast Savings was in compliance with this requirement with an investment in the FHLB of Boston stock at December 31, 1993 of $31.8 million. The Association may borrow from the FHLB of Boston pursuant to several different credit programs upon the security of certain home mortgages and other assets assuming certain standards of credit worthiness have been met. The FHLB may limit the uses and amount of borrowings under different programs.
FIRREA requires the FHLB of Boston to contribute a significant amount of its reserves and annual earnings to fund the principal and a portion of the interest payable on bonds issued to fund the resolution of failed savings associations. In addition, the statute provides that each FHLB must transfer a percentage of its annual net earnings to a specified affordable housing program. As a result of these requirements, it is anticipated that the FHLB of Boston may pay reduced dividends on their stock in the future. As of December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, Northeast Savings held $31.8 million and $32.4 million of FHLB of Bosto