he Trust.
Real Estate Brokerage
Prior to December 1, 1992, affiliates of BCM provided brokerage services to the Trust and received brokerage commissions in accordance with the advisory agreement. Effective December 1, 1992, the Trust's Board of Trustees approved the non-exclusive engagement by the Trust of Carmel Realty to provide brokerage services for the Trust. Such agreement terminates March 31, 1994. Carmel Realty is entitled to receive a real estate acquisition commission for locating and negotiating the lease or purchase by the Trust of any property equal to the lesser of (i) up to 3% of the purchase price, inclusive of commissions, if any, paid by the Trust to other brokers or (ii) the compensation customarily charged in arm's-length transactions by others rendering similar property
ITEM 10. TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND ADVISOR OF THE REGISTRANT (Continued)
Real Estate Brokerage (Continued)
acquisition services in the same geographical location and for comparable property. Any commission which is paid to Carmel Realty by the seller shall be credited against the commission to be paid by the Trust. Carmel Realty is also entitled to receive a real estate sales commission for the sale of each Trust property equal to the lesser of (i) 3% (inclusive of fees, if any, paid by the Trust to other brokers) of the sales price of each property or (ii) the compensation customarily charged in arm's-length transactions paid by others rendering similar services in the same geographic location for comparable property.
ITEM 11.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The Trust has no employees, payroll or benefit plans and pays no compensation to the executive officers of the Trust. The Trustees and executive officers of the Trust who are also officers or employees of the Trust's Advisor are compensated by the Advisor. Such affiliated Trustees and executive officers of the Trust perform a variety of services for the Advisor and the amount of their compensation is determined solely