afety and soundness laws and regulations for the year ended December 31, 1993.
/s/ Kirk W. Walters - ------------------------------------- January 21, 1994 Kirk W. Walters President and Chief Executive Officer
/s/ Lynne M. Carcia - ------------------------------------- January 21, 1994 Lynne M. Carcia Controller and Chief Accounting Officer
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Northeast Federal Corp.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial condition of Northeast Federal Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Northeast Federal Corp. and subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As described in Note 1, the Company changed its method of accounting for securities as of December 31, 199