es sold by Merisel. In addition, Merisel's Technical Support department provides regular product training seminars to Merisel's sales representatives to help them become more product-knowledgeable.
SALES AND MARKETING
To reach diverse customer segments, the Company has organized its Sales department for its wholesale distribution business in the United States into three channel segments.
DEALER CHANNEL. This channel is composed of the following specialized sales divisions: . The RETAILER division serves franchisees, independent retail chains and storefronts, corporate resellers and direct-mail marketers. . The RESELLER FULFILLMENT division serves the needs of direct marketers such as Dell, IBM and Zenith through the fulfillment of orders for third-party hardware and software products. . The MAJOR ACCOUNTS division serves Merisel's large franchisee accounts, computer superstores and computer retail chains through a specialized staff that offers enhanced services, volume purchase agreements, corporate office coordination, marketing programs and sales report data. . The MACINTOSH division provides expertise in sale and support of third- party Macintosh products worldwide through its own separate marketing, sales, products and technical support and purchasing departments.
VAR CHANNEL. This channel is composed of the following specialized sales divisions: . The VAR division provides value-added resellers with highly knowledgeable sales representatives, a comprehensive line of computer systems, Unix and connectivity products, education, financial services and technical support. . The ADVANCED PRODUCTS division (formerly the UNIX division) is primarily dedicated to selling and supporting Sun Microsystems and Sun- complimentary products through its own sales, marketing, operations and technical support departments. . The OEM division supports Merisel's customers who integrate and/or manufacture microprocessor-based systems and solutions utilizing OEM versions of Merisel's h