eat miles" represents the number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of miles those seats are flown. (c) "Revenue passenger miles" represents the number of miles flown by revenue passengers. (d) "Passenger load factor" represents revenue passenger miles divided by available seat miles. (e) "Break-even load factor" represents the number of revenue passenger miles at which operating earnings would have been zero (based on the actual average yield) divided by available seat miles. (f) "Average yield per revenue passenger mile" represents the average revenue received for each mile a revenue passenger is carried. (g) "Cost per available seat mile" represents operating expenses divided by available seat miles. (h) "Average daily utilization of each aircraft" means the average air hours flown in service per day per aircraft for the total fleet of aircraft.
Industry Conditions
Seasonal and Other Factors. United's results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of those for an entire year, since the air travel business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. United's first and fourth quarter results normally are affected by reduced travel demand in the fall and winter, and United's operations, particularly at its O'Hare and Denver hubs, are often affected adversely by winter weather. In the past, these fluctuations have generally resulted in better operating results for United in the second and third quarters. See Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," for summarized unaudited financial data for the four quarters of 1993 and 1992 incorporated by reference therein.
The results of operations in the air travel business have also fluctuated significantly in the past in response to general economic conditions. In addition, the airline business is characterized by a high degree of operating leverage. As a result, the economic environment and small fluctuations in United's yield per revenue passenger mile and cost per ava