.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Nashville/Clarksville MSA Limited Partnership as of December 31, 1991, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Partnership changed its method of accounting for commissions in 1991.
COOPERS & LYBRAND Atlanta, Georgia February 10, 1992
REPORTS OF OTHER INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To The Partners of BATON ROUGE MSA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP:
We have audited the balance sheet of Baton Rouge MSA Limited Partnership as of December 31, 1993, and the related statements of income, changes in partners' capital and cash flows for the year then ended; such financial statements are not included separately herein. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Baton Rouge MSA Limited Partnership as of December 31, 1993, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.