plaint seeking declaratory and injunctive relief from the U. S. District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana. The complaint concerns GSU's position that Cajun is in default with respect to paying its share of certain expenditures to repair corrosion damage in the service water system, to repair a feedwater nozzle crack, and to repair a turbine rotor. Cajun alleges that it has no obligation to pay its share of such costs and seeks a declaration that it may elect not to participate in the funding of such costs and enjoining GSU from demanding payment therefor or attempting to implement default provisions in the Operating Agreement with respect thereto. Cajun alleges that if it is required to pay its share of such costs it would be forced to default on other obligations and would be forced to seek relief in bankruptcy. GSU believes that Cajun is in default under the provisions of the Operating Agreement. No assurance can be given as to the outcome or timing of this action brought by Cajun.
On November 25, 1992, Dixie Electric Membership Corporation and Southwest Louisiana Electric Membership Corporation, both members of Cajun, filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana seeking a declaration that the River Bend Joint Ownership Agreement between GSU and Cajun is void because an allegedly required approval of the LPSC was not obtained. This suit has been transferred from the Western District to the Middle District, and is being processed in conjunction with the suit described in the following paragraph. GSU believes the suit is without merit.
In June 1989, Cajun filed a civil action against GSU in the U. S. District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana. Cajun stated in its complaint that the object of the suit is to annul, rescind, terminate, and/or dissolve the Joint Ownership Participation and Operating Agreement entered into on August 28, 1979 (Operating Agreement), related to River Bend. Cajun alleges fraud and error by GS