93 is in this market.
The government/aerospace market includes applications such as computational fluid dynamics, signal and image processing, telemetry, cryptography, pattern recognition and other data acquisition and processing functions. Command and control systems, training simulators and support and logistics systems are other important segments of this market. Convex customers in this market include the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the U.S. Department of Defense, Lockheed Missiles and Space Company, and Arnold Air Force Base. Approximately 19% of the Convex installed base as of December 31, 1993 is in this market.
Computational chemistry is a potential growth market being addressed by Convex. Use of computers to simulate chemical reactions is greatly increasing the productivity of research laboratories and supplementing the use of "wet labs" in many new areas. Convex customers in this market include research institutions such as the U.S. National Institutes of Health, General Electric Company and the Max Planck Institute in Germany, software vendors and universities such as Harvard and Oxford, all of whom are developing software for this new market, and commercial pharmaceutical users such as Schering-Plough and Bayer. Approximately 12% of the Convex installed base as of December 31, 1993 is in this market.
The petroleum market is characterized by applications relating to the exploration for and the management of natural resources. These applications include seismic data processing and interpretation, well logging analysis, reservoir modeling and production analysis. Convex customers in this market include major oil and gas companies such as Royal Dutch Shell, Mobil and PEMEX, seismic contractors such as Digicon Inc., Compagnie General de Geophysique, universities such as Cambridge and Stanford and third- party software vendors developing software for this industry. Approximately 15% of the Convex installed base as of December 31, 1993 i