or the Trust.
NOTE 9. PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
Since February 1, 1990, affiliates of BCM have provided property management services to the Trust. Currently, Carmel, Ltd. provides property management services for a fee of 5% or less of the monthly
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 9. PROPERTY MANAGEMENT (Continued)
gross rents collected on the properties under management. In many cases, Carmel, Ltd. subcontracts with other entities for the property-level management services to the Trust at various rates. The general partner of Carmel, Ltd. is BCM. The limited partners of Carmel, Ltd. are (i) Syntek West, Inc. ("SWI"), of which Mr. Phillips is the sole shareholder, (ii) Mr. Phillips and (iii) a trust for the benefit of the children of Mr. Phillips. Carmel, Ltd. subcontracts the property-level management and leasing of eleven of the Trust's commercial properties and the commercial properties owned by two of the real estate partnerships in which the Trust is a partner, to Carmel Realty, which is owned by SWI. Carmel, Ltd. has resigned as property manager for the Trust's properties effective March 31, 1994.
Commencing April 1, 1994, Tarragon will provide property management services to the Trust for a fee of 4.5% of the monthly gross rents collected on apartment properties and not in excess of 5% of the monthly gross rents collected on commercial properties. Tarragon intends to subcontract with other entities for the provision of property-level management services to the Trust.
NOTE 10. REAL ESTATE BROKERAGE
Prior to December 1, 1992, affiliates of BCM provided brokerage services to the Trust and received brokerage commissions in accordance with the advisory agreement. The Trust's Board of Trustees approved, effective December 1, 1992, the non-exclusive engagement by the Trust of Carmel Realty to perform brokerage services for the Trust. Such agreement terminates March 31, 1994. Carmel Realty is entitled to receive a real