ion, if such a consent was required under the agreement with Monsanto, the Monsanto indemnification remains applicable to EDC. Recently, the Company's Chemical Business was advised that the Site had been placed in the Environmental Protection Agency's ("EPA") data based tracking system (the "System"). The System maintains an inventory of sites in the United States where it is known or suspected that a release of hazardous waste has occurred. Notwithstanding inclusion in the System, EPA's regulations recognize that such does not represent a determination of liability or a finding that any response action will be necessary. Over 36,000 sites in the United States are presently listed in the System. If a site is placed in the System, EPA regulations require that the government or its agent perform a preliminary assessment of the site. If the preliminary assessment determines that there has been a release, or that there is suspected to have occurred a release, at the site of certain types of contamination, the EPA will perform a site investigation. Pursuant to such regulations, the State of Arkansas performed such preliminary assessment for the EPA. The preliminary assessment report prepared by the State of Arkansas, dated September 30, 1992, regarding the Site states, in part, that a release of certain types of contaminants is suspected to have occurred at the Site. It is anticipated that the EPA will, at some future date, perform a site inspection at the Site, which inspection will usually involve the gathering of additional data including environmental sampling of the Site. After conducting the site inspection, the regulations provide that the EPA may determine that: (i) the Site does not warrant further involvement in the evaluation process, or (ii) that further study of the Site is warranted to determine what appropriate action is to be taken in response to a release, if any, of contaminants at the Site or whether such release, if any, justifies the Site being place