esponsibility of resolving the financial and legal difficulties facing the Company and developing an alternative business plan to enable the Company to continue as a going concern. During the process of resolving such difficulties and developing such plan, Mr. Gram has agreed to serve without compensation, with the understanding that all ordinary, necessary and reasonable expenses incurred by him in the performance of his duties, including travel and temporary living expenses, will be reimbursed by the Company and with the further understanding that the Committee and the Board will thereafter consider establishing an appropriate salary to be paid him for his services.
COMPLIANCE WITH INTERNAL REVENUE CODE SECTION 162(M)
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, enacted in 1993, generally disallows a tax deduction to public companies for compensation over $1,000,0000 paid to the corporation's Chief Executive Officer and four other mostly highly compensated executives officers. Qualifying performance-based compensation will not be subject to the deduction limit if certain requirements are met. The compensation currently paid to the Company's Chief Executive Officer and highly compensated executive officers does not approach the $1,000,000 threshold, and the Company does not anticipate approaching such threshold in the foreseeable future. Nevertheless, the Company intends to take the necessary action to comply with the Code limitations.
FUTURE COMPENSATION TRENDS
The Committee anticipates undertaking a review of all compensation programs and policies of the Company, and making appropriate modifications and revisions, in conjunction with the development of an alternative business plan for the Company.
Executive Compensation Committee
Neil E. Bahr, Chairperson Antony Gram Marcellus H.B. Muyres Cornelis L.J.J. Zwaans
ITEM 12





ITEM 12
OWNERSHIP OF VOTING SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
Based upon information furnished to the Company or contained in filings made with the C