ovide dedicated marketing support and targeted customer information from its database to enhance manufacturers' product promotions.
The Company also offers two exclusive training programs: Softeach, a two-day worldwide seminar series whereby manufacturers train resellers about their products, and Selteach, a training seminar series that gives manufacturers an opportunity to provide product information to Merisel's United States sales force. In 1993, Merisel offered Softeach seminars in 11 cities and 26 countries. Merisel, through third-party consultants, also conducts training classes regarding certain Novell, 3Com, The Santa Cruz Operation, Digital Equipment Corporation, Sun Microsystems, Microsoft and Lotus products for its reseller customers.
Merisel generally enters into written distribution agreements with the manufacturers of the products it distributes. As is customary in the industry, these agreements usually provide non-exclusive distribution rights and often contain territorial restrictions which limit the countries in which Merisel is permitted to distribute the products. The agreements generally provide Merisel with stock balancing and price protection provisions which reduce in part Merisel's risk of loss due to slow-moving inventory, supplier price reductions, product updates or obsolescence. The Company's agreements generally have a term of at least one year, but often contain provisions permitting earlier termination by either party upon written notice. Some of these agreements contain minimum purchase amounts. Failure to purchase at such minimum levels could result in the termination of the agreement.
Although Merisel regularly stocks products and accessories supplied by more than 900 manufacturers, 45% of the Company's net sales in 1993 (as compared to 46% in 1992 and 47% in 1991) were derived from products supplied by Merisel's ten largest manufacturers, with the sale of products manufactured by Microsoft accounting for approximately 16% of net sa