 final SOP, if issued as proposed, would have no impact on the Company's results of operations or financial position.
CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS
The following tables reflect the Company's consolidated average balance sheets for the periods indicated as well as interest income and expense and average rates earned and paid on each major category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Average balances are calculated predominantly on a daily basis. Average balances of loans include non-accrual loans. The interest rate spread is calculated as the average rate earned on total interest-earning assets less the average rate paid on total interest-bearing liabilities. The interest rate margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by total interest-earning assets.
CONSOLIDATED RATE/VOLUME TABLES
The following tables present the degree to which changes in the Association's interest income, interest expense, and net interest income are due to changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The change due to average balance or volume is computed by multiplying the change in the average balance of funds employed in the current period by the interest rate for the prior period. The change due to average rate is computed by multiplying the change in interest rates by the average balance of funds in the prior period. The change due to rate/volume is computed by multiplying the change in the average balance by the change in the interest rate. The change due to timing results from the difference in the length of the reporting periods.
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
MANAGEMENT'S REPORT
To the Stockholders:
Financial Statements
The management of Northeast Federal Corp. (the Company) is responsible for the preparation, integrity, and fair presentation of its published financial statements and all other information presented in this annual report. The financi