holly owned subsidiaries. The 1993 operations includes the equity in earnings from BankAtlantic. For 1992 and 1991, the adjustments to operations relating to changes in the Company's percentage ownership of BankAtlantic are reflected in minority interest. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Cash Equivalents - Cash and due from banks include demand deposits at other financial institutions.
Tax Certificates and Other Investment Securities and Mortgage-Backed Securities - In 1992 and 1991, substantially all of these securities are owned by BankAtlantic. Tax certificates, other investment securities and mortgage-backed securities held for investment are carried at cost.
Real Estate Owned - Real estate acquired in the Exchange transactions discussed in note 2 is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value in the accompanying statements of financial condition.
Profit on real estate sold is recognized when the collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured and BankAtlantic is not obligated to perform significant activities after the sale. Any estimated loss is recognized in the period in which it becomes apparent.
Office Properties and Equipment - Land is carried at cost. Office properties and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets which generally range up to 50 years for buildings and 10 years for equipment. The cost of leasehold improvements is being amortized using the straight-line method over the terms of the related leases.
Expenditures for new properties and equipment and major renewals and betterments are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred and gains or losses on disposal of assets are reflected in current operations.
Income Taxes - The Company does not include BankAtlantic and its subsidiaries in its consolidated income