 of general commodities primarily within a 32 state region of the eastern half of the United States. Its major service area is connected with the territories of G.I. and Red Arrow through an intermodal partnership with those companies. Carolina`s major traffic lanes are between points in the South and Northeast, the South and Midwest, the Midwest and the Northeast, and within the South. Carolina is authorized by the Interstate Commerce Commission ("ICC") to serve all points in the contiguous United States.
Carolina handles broadly diversified traffic including textile products, plastics, foodstuffs, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, auto parts, construction materials and hardware. The only commodity accounting for more than 10% of revenue in 1993 was textiles (cloth, dry goods, fabrics, clothing, fibers, yarn) which accounted for approximately 10.8%. During 1993, no single customer accounted for more than 4% of revenue, and the largest ten customers accounted for less than 18% of revenue. During 1993, 91% of revenue was derived from less-than-truckload ("LTL") shipments (shipments weighing less than 10,000 pounds).
EQUIPMENT AND PROPERTY. Carolina owns all of its revenue equipment except equipment used in connection with intermodal operations. At December 31, 1993, Carolina owned 3,093 tractors, 10,846 trailers, 78 trucks, and operated 171 service centers consisting of 154 terminals (98 owned and 56 leased) and 17 agencies. In addition to the operation of major vehicle maintenance facilities at the six major breakbulk terminals in Carolina's system - Atlanta, Chicago, Carlisle (Pa.), Cherryville, Cincinnati, and Toledo - - there are similar maintenance facilities at various terminals throughout the Carolina system.
G.I. TRUCKING COMPANY
G.I. is headquartered in La Mirada, California and provides over-the-road freight transportation services to shippers and receivers in California, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Utah, Nevada, Colorado, New Mexico, Texas and Arizona. Service is