nvironmental matters, including waste disposal sites currently or formerly owned, operated or used by the Company, many of which disposal sites or facilities are on the U.S. EPA's Superfund National Priorities List or similar state lists. On a regular basis, the Company evaluates the potential range of its liability at sites where it has been named as a PRP or defendant. The Company believes it has provided adequate accruals for reasonably estimable costs of such matters, but the Company's ultimate liability may be affected by a number of factors, including changes in remedial alternatives and costs and the allocation of such costs among PRPs. The Company is also a defendant in a number of legal proceedings seeking damages for personal injury and property damage arising out of the sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. The Company has not accrued any amounts for the pending lead pigment litigation. Although no assurance can be given that the Company will not incur future liability in respect of this litigation, based on, among other things, the results of such litigation to date, the Company believes that the pending lead pigment litigation is without merit. Any liability that may result is not reasonably capable of estimation. The Company currently believes the disposition of all claims and disputes, individually or in the aggregate, should not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. There can be no assurance that additional matters of these types will not arise in the future. See Item 3 - "Legal Proceedings" and Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company periodically evaluates its liquidity requirements, capital needs and availability of resources in view of, among other things, its debt service requirements and estimated future operating cash flows. As a result of this process, the Company has in the past and may in the future seek to refinance or restructure ind