ITEM 1. BUSINESS
The Company
Pennsylvania Power Company (Company) was organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1930 and owns property and does business as an electric public utility in that state. The Company is authorized to do business and owns property in the State of Ohio. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ohio Edison Company (Edison), an Ohio corporation which does business as an electric public utility in Ohio. The Company and Edison are referred to herein collectively as Companies.
The Company furnishes electric service to communities in a 1,500 square mile area of western Pennsylvania. The Company also provides transmission services and electric energy for resale to certain municipalities in Pennsylvania. The area served by the Company has a population of approximately 360,000.
Central Area Power Coordination Group (CAPCO)
In September 1967, the CAPCO companies, consisting of the Company, Edison, The Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company (CEI), Duquesne Light Company (Duquesne) and The Toledo Edison Company (Toledo), announced a program for joint development of power generation and transmission facilities. Included in the program are Unit 7 at the W. H. Sammis Plant, Units 1, 2 and 3 at the Bruce Mansfield Plant, Unit 1 at the Beaver Valley Power Station and Unit 1 at the Perry Nuclear Power Plant, each now in service. Perry Unit 2, a CAPCO nuclear generating unit whose construction had been previously suspended, has been abandoned by the CAPCO companies (see "Perry Unit 2").
Arrangements Among the CAPCO Companies
The present CAPCO Basic Operating Agreement provides, among other things, for coordinated maintenance responsibilities among the CAPCO companies, a limited and qualified mutual backup arrangement in the event of outage of CAPCO units and certain capacity and energy transactions among the CAPCO companies.
The agreements among the CAPCO companies generally treat the Companies as a single system as between them and the other 