d subsidiary in early 1993 to consolidate its unregulated natural gas businesses. CGS and its subsidiaries operate certain of Coastal's natural gas gathering and processing, gas supply and marketing, price risk management and producer financing activities.
COMPETITION
ANR Pipeline and Colorado have historically competed with interstate and intrastate pipeline companies in the sale, storage and transportation of gas and with independent producers, brokers, marketers and other pipelines in the gathering, processing and sale of gas within their service areas. On October 1, 1993 and November 1, 1993, Colorado and ANR Pipeline, respectively, implemented Order 636 on their systems. As a consequence, ANR Pipeline is no longer a seller of natural gas to resale customers. Order 636 also mandated implementation of capacity release and secondary delivery point options allowing a pipeline's firm transportation customers to compete with the pipeline for interruptible transportation, which may result in reduced interruptible transportation revenue of pipelines. Additional information on this subject is included under "Regulations Affecting Gas Systems" included herein.
Natural gas competes with other forms of energy available to customers, primarily on the basis of price. These competitive forms of energy include electricity, coal, propane and fuel oils. Changes in the availability or price of natural gas or other forms of energy, as well as changes in business conditions, conservation, legislation or governmental regulations, capability to convert to alternate fuels, changes in rate structure, taxes and other factors may affect the demand for natural gas in the areas served by ANR Pipeline and Colorado.
ANR Pipeline's storage, transportation and balancing services are influenced by its customers' access to alternative providers of such services. ANR Pipeline competes directly with Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company, Trunkline Gas Company, Northern Natural Gas Company, Natural G