nvestments in excess of required limits.
Liquidity. Under applicable federal regulations, savings institutions are required to maintain an average daily balance of liquid assets (including cash, certain time deposits, certain bankers' acceptances, certain corporate debt securities and highly rated commercial paper, securities of certain mutual funds and specified United States government, state or federal agency obligations) equal to a monthly average of not less than a specified percentage of the average daily balance of the savings institution's net withdrawable deposits plus short-term borrowings. Under the HOLA, this liquidity requirement may be changed from time to time by the Director of the OTS to any amount within the range of 4% to 10% depending upon economic conditions and the deposit flows of member institutions, and currently is 5%. Savings institutions are also required to maintain an average daily balance of short-term liquid assets at a specified percentage (currently 1%) of the total of the average daily balance of its net withdrawable deposits and short-term borrowings. The Bank is in compliance with these liquidity requirements.
Loans to One Borrower Limitations. The HOLA generally requires savings institutions to comply with the loans to one borrower limitations applicable to national banks. National banks generally may make loans to a single borrower in amounts up to 15% of their unimpaired capital and surplus, plus an additional 10% of capital and surplus for loans secured by readily marketable collateral. FIRREA provides exceptions under which a savings institution may make loans to one borrower in excess of the generally applicable national bank limits. Under the HOLA, savings institution may make loans to one borrower in excess of such limits under one of the following circumstances: (i) for any purpose, in any amount not to exceed $500,000; (ii) to develop domestic residential housing units, in an amount not to exceed the lesser of $30 milli