h that transaction the Company has guaranteed a minimum annual usage by it of $2 million for a period of five years commencing 1993. No fee was paid by the Company to Kelso Insurance in connection with this transaction.
In August 1993 the Company purchased a limited partnership interest in Kelso Investment Associates V, L.P. ("KIA V"), in exchange for its commitment to make a capital contribution of $5 million to KIA V. KIA V was formed to seek out business opportunities and invest primarily in equity securities, leveraged buy-outs, and joint ventures. Kelso Partners V, L.P. serves as the general partner of KIA V. The general partners of Kelso Partners V, L.P., include Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell. Kelso & Co., L.P. is the manager of KIA V and, as such, acts as investment adviser of KIA V. The management fee relating to the interest held by the Company has been waived.
The Company will invest in a Cayman Islands corporation, A-S China Plumbing Products Limited ("ASPPL"), to be used for the establishment of various joint ventures in the People's Republic of China. The Company will have a 21% voting interest in ASPPL. Shares in ASPPL will also be sold in a private placement to certain institutions and other investors, including certain executive officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries.
Mr. Mizushima, a director of the Company and of Holding, is President and Chief Operating Officer of Daido Hoxan Inc., a Japanese corporation which has an approximately 11 percent limited partnership interest in ASI Partners. Daido Hoxan Inc. is the largest distributor of the Company's plumbing products in Japan. Its transactions as distributor with the Company and its subsidiaries in 1992, which were on customary terms and in the ordinary course of business, were not material to either the Company or Daido Hoxan Inc. The Company also entered into leasing transactions with an affiliate of Daido Hoxan whereby it has leased certain machinery and equipment on financial 