ignificant abatements and/or scheduled rent increases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective lease terms.
(f) Loans are classified in substantive foreclosure when a determination has been made that the borrower has little or no equity remaining in the collateral property in consideration of its current fair value, or the Partnership has taken certain actions which result in taking effective control of operations of the collateral property. These loans are on non-accrual status; therefore, income is recorded only as cash payments are received from the borrower.
(g) Real estate held for sale and loans in substantive foreclosure are recorded at the lower of fair value less estimated costs to sell, or cost at the foreclosure date or the date of substantive foreclosure, respectively. Any future declines in fair value will be charged to income and recognized as a valuation allowance, while subsequent increases in value will reduce the valuation allowance, but not below zero.
(h) In 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan." This statement addresses accounting by creditors for impairment of loans and also eliminates the classification of loans as "in substantive foreclosure." This statement has been adopted by the Partnership as of January 1, 1994, and will not have a material impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Partnership.
(i) The Financial Accounting Standard Board's Statement No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments," requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate that value. Since quoted market prices are not available for the Partnership's financial instruments, fair values have been based on estimates using present value techniques. These techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of futu