. Insurance premiums range from 23 to 31 basis points, with well capitalized institutions in the highest supervisory subgroup paying 23 basis points and undercapitalized institutions in the lowest supervisory subgroup paying 31 basis points.
As an insurer, the FDIC issues regulations and conducts examinations of its insured members. Insurance of deposits by the SAIF may be terminated by the FDIC, after notice and hearing, upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe and unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the OTS or the FDIC. When conditions warrant, the FDIC may impose less severe sanctions as an alternative to termination of insurance. BankAtlantic's management does not know of any present condition pursuant to which the FDIC would seek to impose sanctions on BankAtlantic or terminate insurance of its deposits.
Prompt Regulatory Action - The OTS and other federal banking regulators have established capital levels for institutions to implement the "prompt regulatory action" provisions of the FDICIA. Capital levels have been established for which an insured institution will be categorized as well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. The FDICIA requires federal banking regulators, including the OTS, to take prompt corrective action to solve the problems of those institutions that fail to satisfy their applicable minimum capital requirements. The level of regulatory scrutiny and restrictions imposed become increasingly severe as an institution's capital level falls.
A "well capitalized" institution must have risk-based capital of 10% or more, core capital of 5% or more and Tier 1 risk-based capital (based on the ratio of core capital to risk-weighted assets) of 6% or more and may not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive or pr