a, with an aggregate capability of 201.3 MW. The plants are situated on MECO-owned land having a combined area of 28.6 acres. MECO also owns fuel oil storage facilities at these sites with an aggregate maximum usable storage capacity of 145,300 barrels.
MECO's administrative offices and engineering and distribution departments are located on 9.1 acres of MECO-owned land in Kahului.
MECO also owns and operates smaller distribution and generation systems on the islands of Lanai and Molokai.
The properties of MECO are subject to a first mortgage securing MECO's outstanding first mortgage bonds.
HELCO owns and operates five generating plants on the island of Hawaii. These plants at Hilo (2), Waimea, Kona and Puna have an aggregate generating capability of 154.6 MW (excluding two small run-of-river hydro units). The plants are situated on HELCO-owned land having a combined area of approximately 43 acres. HELCO owns 6.0 acres of land in Kona, which are used for a baseyard, and it leases 4.0 acres of land for its baseyard in Hilo. The lease expires in 2030. The deeds to the sites located in Hilo contain certain restrictions which do not materially interfere with the use of the sites for public utility purposes.
The properties of HELCO are subject to a first mortgage securing HELCO's outstanding first mortgage bonds.
SAVINGS BANK
ASB owns its executive office building located in downtown Honolulu.
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to offices owned and leased by ASB and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1993.
The net book value of office facilities is approximately $31 million. Of this amount, $25 million represents the net book value of the land and improvements for the 13 offices owned by ASB. The remaining $6 million represents the net book value of ASB's leasehold improvements.
OTHER
FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION
HTB, currently owns seven tugboats ranging from 1,430 to 2,668 HP, two tenders of 500 HP and three flatdecked barges.
HTB owns no real pro