 site assessments at the locations of two retired power plants previously owned and operated by two Louisiana municipalities. LP&L had purchased the power plants by agreement (as part of the municipal electric systems) after operating them for the last few years of their useful lives. The assessments indicated some subsurface contamination from fuel oil. LP&L and the LDEQ are now reviewing site remediation procedures that LP&L estimates will not exceed $650,000 in the aggregate.
During 1993, the LDEQ issued new rules for solid waste regulation, including waste water impoundments. LP&L has determined that certain of its power plant waste water impoundments are affected by these regulations and has chosen to close them rather than retrofit and permit them. The aggregate cost of the impoundment closures, to be completed by 1996, is estimated to be $7.3 million.
System Energy. In February 1990, System Energy received an EPA notice that it (among numerous other companies) may be a PRP for cleanup costs associated with the same site in Mississippi in which LP&L is involved. Potential liability is based on the alleged shipment of waste oil to the site from 1981 to 1985. System Energy does not expect its share of the total expenditures to be material because there are 44 PRP's for this site, including a number of major oil companies.
Other Regulation and Litigation
Entergy Corporation and GSU. In July and August 1992, Entergy Corporation and GSU filed applications with FERC, the LPSC, and the PUCT, and Entergy Corporation, Entergy Operations, and Entergy Services filed an application with the SEC under the Holding Company Act, seeking authorization of various aspects of the Merger. In January 1993, GSU filed two applications with the NRC seeking approval of the change in ownership of GSU and an amendment to the operating license for River Bend to reflect its operation by Entergy Operations. All regulatory approvals were obtained in 1993 and the Merger was consummated on Dec