uired or may desire to give any other Partner shall be in writing, and may be given by personal delivery or by mailing the same by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, to the Partner to whom such notice is directed at the address of such Partner as set forth on Exhibit A hereto, subject to the right of a Partner to designate a different address for itself by notice similarly given. Any notice so given by United States mail shall be deemed to have been given on the second day after the same is deposited in the United States mail as registered or certified mail, addressed as above provided, with postage thereon fully prepaid. Any such notice not given by registered or certified mail as aforesaid shall be deemed to be given upon receipt of the same by the party to whom the same is to be given.
B. This Agreement may be amended by written agreement of amendment executed by all of the Partners, but not otherwise.
15. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Partners concerning the subject matter hereof. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreement or understanding between the Partners regarding the subject matter hereof. This Agreement and the rights of the Partners hereunder shall be governed by and
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. Except as herein otherwise specifically provided, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Partners and their legal representatives, successors and assignees. Captions contained in this Agreement in no way define, limit or extend the scope or intent of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of such provision to any person or circumstance, shall be held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement, or application of such provision to other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected thereby. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an origina