f the leased equipment and unearned lease income. Income from leases is recognized over the terms of the leases so as to approximate a level rate of return on the net investment. Residual values, which are reviewed periodically, represent the estimated amount to be received at lease termination from the disposition of leased equipment.
Initial Direct Costs Initial direct costs are deferred and amortized over the related financing terms.
Cash Equivalents The Company considers all cash investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents at December 31, 1993 were $58.8 million. There were no cash equivalents at December 31, 1992. At December 31, 1993 and 1992, the Company has classified as other assets restricted cash deposited with banks in interest bearing accounts of $44.3 million and $39.7 million for compensating balances, specific lease rents and contractual purchase price related to certain aircraft leased by the Company under capital lease obligations, and security against recourse provisions related to certain note and lease receivable sales.
Allowance for Losses on Financing Receivables The allowance for losses on financing receivables includes consideration of such factors as the risk rating of individual credits, economic and political conditions, prior loss experience and results of periodic credit reviews.
Collateral that is formally or substantively repossessed in satisfaction of a receivable is written down to estimated fair value and is transferred to equipment held for sale or re-lease or real estate owned. Subsequent to such transfer, these assets are carried at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value.
In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan." This Statement requires that impaired loans be measured on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, or 