0% of the total number of lenses sold by the Company in fiscal 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION
Healthcare Products. In the United States and Canada, CooperVision markets its products through its field sales representatives, who call on ophthalmologists, optometrists, opticians and optical chains. In the United States, field sales representatives also call on distributors.
CVP's line of generic pharmaceuticals is sold directly to wholesalers and distributors through an independent contract sales force and by the sales forces of CooperVision and CoastVision.
CooperSurgical's LEEP'tm', Frigitronics'r', hysteroscopy and endoscopy products are marketed worldwide by a network of independent sales representatives and distributors. In the United States, CooperSurgical, as a principal method of increasing physician awareness of its products, conducted teaching seminars in fiscal 1993. Euro-Med instruments and systems, as well as certain LEEP'tm' disposable products, are marketed through direct mail catalog programs.
Healthcare Facilities. HGA's marketing concept aims to position each psychiatric facility as the provider of the highest quality mental health services in its marketplace. HGA employs a combination of general advertising, toll-free 'help lines', community education programs and facility-based continuing education programs to underscore the facility's value as a mental health resource center. HGA's marketing emphasizes discrete programs for select illnesses or disorders because of its belief that marketing a generic product without program differentiation will not generate the interest of, or be of value to, a referral source seeking treatment for specific disorders. Referral sources include psychiatrists, other physicians, psychologists, social workers, school guidance counselors and the police, courts, clergy, care-provider organizations and former patients.
PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND LICENSING AGREEMENTS
TCC owns or licenses a variety