enditures cannot be predicted. Until such facilities are established, the System will continue to seek access to existing facilities, which may be available at costs that are higher than those incurred in the past, or which may be unavailable. If such access is unavailable, the System will store low-level waste on-site at the affected units. ANO has on-site storage that is estimated to be sufficient until 1999. Construction of on-site storage at the other nuclear units is being considered, along with other alternatives. A coordinated design concept that can be utilized at both Waterford 3 and River Bend is being evaluated. Grand Gulf 1 will have continued disposal access through December 1995; therefore, no immediate plans for on-site storage are needed for Grand Gulf 1. The estimated construction costs for storage sufficient for approximately five years at Grand Gulf 1, Waterford 3, and River Bend are in the range of $2.0 million to $5.0 million for each site. As an alternative to on-site storage, Entergy is working with other industry groups to influence the continued operation of the Barnwell disposal facility for out-of-region generators.
Decommissioning. AP&L, GSU, LP&L, and System Energy are recovering portions of their estimated decommissioning costs for ANO, River Bend, Waterford 3, and Grand Gulf 1, respectively. These amounts are being deposited in external trust funds that, together with the earnings thereon, can only be used for future decommissioning costs. Estimated decommissioning costs are regularly reviewed and updated to reflect inflation and changes in regulatory requirements and technology, and applications will be made to appropriate regulatory authorities to recover in rates any projected increase in decommissioning costs above that currently being recovered. (For additional information with respect to decommissioning costs for ANO, River Bend, Waterford 3, and Grand Gulf 1, respectively, see Note 8 of AP&L's, GSU's, and LP&L's and Note 7 of Sy