at December 31, 1993. The increase is primarily a result of the inclusion of CF&I sales for the first time in 1993. The December 31, 1993 inventory increase and the increase in current liabilities are primarily due to the addition of inventories, accounts payable and current portion of long-term debt as a result of the CF&I acquisition.
The Company maintains an unsecured revolving credit and term loan agreement (Credit Agreement) with two banks which enables the Company to borrow up to $75 million. The use of the proceeds from borrowings under this Credit Agreement is restricted to (1) investing in businesses and related equipment in the steel industry and certain other industries, and (2) working capital and general corporate purposes. On July 1, 1996, the outstanding balance will be converted, unless prepaid, to a term loan payable in sixteen equal quarterly installments through June 30, 2000. Annual commitment fees during the revolving loan period are 1/8 of 1 percent of the average daily unused portion of the available credit payable on a quarterly basis. Depending on the Company's election at the time of borrowing, interest will be payable based on either (1) the prime rate, (2) the certificate of deposit rate, (3) the federal funds rate or (4) the Eurodollar rate as specified in the Credit Agreement. At December 31, 1993, $16.7 million was outstanding under this credit facility and classified as noncurrent.
The Company has a $15 million unsecured revolving line of credit facility with a bank which matures May 31, 1994. Depending on the Company's election at the time of borrowing, interest will be payable based on either the prime rate or the federal funds rate, fully floating in either case. At December 31, 1993, there were no amounts outstanding under this credit facility. However, $15 million was restricted under outstanding letters of credit. In addition, the Company has a $5 million unsecured revolving credit line with a bank which is restricted to use for