 the 8.8% Notes payable, and (iii) reflect the portion of the principal paydown related to deferred interest on the 8.8% Notes payable as an interest payment rather than a principal reduction in the 1992 statement of cash flows.
NOTE 2 -- TRANSACTIONS WITH PARTIES IN INTEREST:
Parties in Interest.
Trammell Crow Ventures, Ltd. acted as advisor (the "Advisor") to the Trust through June 13, 1993 (see Termination of Advisory Agreement below). Owners of the Advisor are associated with a group of entities engaged in various real estate businesses under the name "Trammell Crow Company" (collectively, the "TCC Entities").
Termination of Advisory Agreement.
Effective June 13, 1993, the Trust terminated the Advisory Agreement with the Advisor. Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Trust paid to the Advisor a one-time termination fee of $435,000 in the second quarter. No additional amounts are due the Advisor. Certain TCC Entities continue to manage twelve of the Trust's fifteen properties, however, these are no longer considered to be related party or party in interest relationships by the Trust.
Advisory Fees.
For its services under an advisory agreement, in 1992 and 1991, the Advisor received an annual advisory fee equal to .4375% of the sum of (1) the estimated value of the Trust's real estate investments, as reviewed by an independent appraiser, less the original mortgage balances upon acquisition, and (2) the proceeds from the sale of real estate pending reinvestment. Through December 31, 1992, the Advisor was also entitled to an incentive advisory fee in varying degrees if distributable cash exceeded $11,600,000. For the year commencing January 1, 1993, the Trust Managers established an advisory fee of $500,000 per year. As in previous years, the Advisor was also entitled to reimbursement for costs of providing legal, accounting and financial reporting services.
Disposition Fees.
The Trust paid the Advisor a real estate disposition fee equal to 2% of net 