ng products and programs used in extracting crude oil from deposits in the earth.
The pulp and paper industry is served by another subsidiary, Betz PaperChem, Inc. It formulates custom engineered programs for the process related problems associated with paper production. As a consumer of large amounts of water in the production process, the pulp and paper industry's efforts to reuse water and conserve energy have increased the need for water treatment chemicals. Recirculating water systems build up organic and inorganic deposits which must be controlled. Deposition, corrosion, pulp bleaching, foam control, de-inking and felt conditioning are other problems associated with pulp and paper production that are treated by Betz PaperChem, Inc.'s products and programs.
The Betz MetChem Division serves steel, aluminum and plastic producers, and the related automotive, machinery, appliances, fabricated parts and coil industries. Its products and treatment programs are designed to increase productivity, improve quality and reduce overall operating expenses through specific process chemicals aimed at the respective markets.
Technical specialists working in each of the Registrant's nine marketing units assist in the development of engineered programs to meet a customer's needs. Such programs are custom designed to conserve energy, minimize corrosion and deposits, control microbiological fouling, reduce waste generation, improve process efficiency or any combination of the above, depending on the customer's requirements. Technical specialists also train customer operating personnel in the controlling, testing and chemical feeding required in applying Registrant's treatment programs. Since plant operating conditions and intake water characteristics do not remain static, the technical specialists make regular, scheduled plant follow-up visits to monitor the treatment program results and help customer operating personnel.
To ensure treatment effectiveness, Registrant may also provi