a diversified product line with a broad service network comparable to that of the Company.
The Company competes principally on the basis of product performance, quality, service and price. The Company enjoys the reputation as a "quality" pump manufacturer with a complete repair parts service. It believes it can maintain and strengthen its present competitive position by continuing to improve its customer service levels and manufacturing equipment and processes, by designing and developing new and improved products, by maintaining strategically located parts distribution centers and PRO Service Centers and by promoting the efforts of its sales force in the world market.
The pump industry is highly competitive with numerous competitors in the field. Some competitors are divisions of large corporations while others are companies with a limited product line.
Page 6 of 54
Product Development
The Company is committed to the ongoing development of new products and improvement of existing products. Product development and research activities are carried out at the Company's various manufacturing facilities. Research and development expenditures amounted to $7.2 million, $7.9 million, and $6.1 million for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively. The higher level of R&D expenses in 1992 relates to the introduction of the SSV vertical multi-stage product line during the second quarter of 1992 by WTG-Europe. In 1994, the Company expects to increase its investment in new product development as well as in enhancements to existing products in order to improve its competitive position in the industry. The acquisition of Environamics Corporation and the expansion into the energy market provide the Company with new products to offer customers in the chemical and energy marketplaces.
International Operations
The Company has wholly-owned subsidiaries in Italy, Canada, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Venezuela, the Netherlands and the Philippines. Sales by foreig