oxide. Coastal Chem also owns a plant at Table Rock, Wyoming, which has a production capacity of 150 tons of liquid fertilizer per day. In addition, Coastal Chem operates a low density ammonium nitrate ("LoDAN/(R)/") facility in Battle Mountain, Nevada. The LoDAN/(R)/ is used primarily as a blasting agent in surface mining. This facility produces 400 tons per day of LoDAN/(R)/.
Coastal Chem completed a urea expansion project in 1992 with full production commencing in mid 1993. This expanded facility increased the previous capacity of 175 tons per day to 275 tons per day. During the last six months, the facility has operated at its designed capacity.
Coastal Chem commenced production from its integrated methyl tertiary butyl ether ("MTBE") plant in 1993. MTBE is a gasoline additive which adds oxygen and boosts octane of the blended mixture. The plant has a production capacity of 4,000 barrels per day.
Sales volumes for the three years ended December 31, 1993, are set forth below (thousands of tons):
INDEPENDENT POWER PRODUCTION
Coastal Power Production Company ("Coastal Power") and certain of its affiliates develop, operate and are equity participants in cogeneration plants which produce and sell electricity and thermal products, including steam and chilled water. Affiliates of Coastal Power currently own interests in four operating cogeneration facilities in the United States.
Capitol District Energy Center Cogeneration Associates ("CDECCA") owns a cogeneration facility with an approximate 56 megawatt capacity. An affiliate of Coastal Power owns a 50% interest in CDECCA and is the project manager and Coastal Technology, Inc. ("CTI"), a Coastal subsidiary, is the operator of the plant. Electricity from the facility is sold to the local utility under a long- term contract. Steam and chilled water produced from the plant help to serve the thermal requirements of the City of Hartford and the plant's co-owner.
An affiliate of Coastal Power is the managing partner and 50%