 administrative functions.
In Spring 1994 United expects to relocate its Denver hub operations to the new Denver International Airport. Under a new 30-year lease and use agreement, expiring in 2023, United eventually will occupy 44 gates and over one million square feet of exclusive terminal building space. The new airport is located northeast of Stapleton International Airport and approximately 25 miles from downtown Denver. Upon the opening of the new airport, Stapleton will be closed to all aircraft operations. United's flight training center will continue to be located near Stapleton and is under lease, including options to extend, until 2018. This flight training center consists of four buildings with a total of 300,000 square feet located on 22 acres of land adjoining Stapleton. The flight training center accommodates 26 flight simulators and over 90 computer-based training stations, as well as cockpit procedures trainers, autoflight system trainers and emergency evacuation trainers.
United has entered into various leases relating to its use of airport landing areas, gates, hangar sites, terminal buildings and other airport facilities in most of the municipalities it serves. In many cases United has constructed, at its expense, the buildings it occupies on its leased properties. In general, buildings and fixtures constructed by United on leased land are the property of the lessor upon the expiration of such leases. United also has leased and improved ticketing, sales and general office space in the downtown and outlying areas of most of the larger cities in its system. United believes its facilities are suitable and adequate for its current requirements. United will continue to acquire equipment and facilities as necessary to support its airline operations.
Transfers of Assets
In third quarter of 1993, United reached agreements to sell, lease or otherwise transfer assets related to the operation of 16 of its 17 domestic flight kitchens to Dobbs International s