, under the Rights Plan, the Board of Directors has flexibility in certain events. In order to provide maximum flexibility, the Board of Directors may delay the date upon which the Rights become exercisable in the event of a 20% Tender Offer. In addition, the Board of Directors has the option to exchange one share of common stock for each outstanding Right at any time after a 20% Acquisition but before the acquirer has purchased 50% of the outstanding common stock. The Rights may also be redeemed at two cents per Right at any time prior to a 20% Acquisition or a 20% Tender Offer.
Note 6. Retirement Plans
The Company has noncontributory defined benefit pension plans principally covering its hourly union employees. Such plans primarily provide flat benefits of stated amounts for each year of service. The Company's policy is to fund pension costs deductible for income tax purposes.
The Company also sponsors defined contribution pension plans covering substantially all employees whose compensation is not determined by collective bargaining. Annual contributions are determined by the Board of Directors.
A summary of pension expense follows:
The assumptions used in the accounting for the funded status of defined benefit plans follows:
The following table sets forth the funded status and amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets for the Company's defined benefit pension plans:
At December 31, 1993, approximately 92% of plan assets are invested in listed stocks and bonds.
Note 7. Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
The Company provides postretirement medical and life insurance benefits for certain retirees and employees.
Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employer's Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions." This statement requires the cost of postretirement benefits to be accrued during the service lives of employees. The Company elected the prospective method of recognizing the accumulated postretirement benefit obli