lectric transmission and distribution system includes 1,338 transmission poleline miles of overhead lines, 5 transmission cable miles of underground cables, 6,634 distribution poleline miles of overhead lines, and 4,294 cable miles of distribution underground cables.
The Company has a liquefied natural gas plant located in Wilmington, Delaware with a storage capacity of 3.045 million gallons and a planned sendout capacity of 25,000 Mcf per day.
The Company also owns four natural gas city gate stations at various locations in its gas service territory. These stations have a total sendout capacity of 125,000 Mcf per day.
The following table sets forth the Company's gas pipeline miles:
-------- * Includes 11 miles of joint-use gas pipeline that is used 10% for gas and 90% for electric.
The Company owns and occupies office buildings in Wilmington and Christiana, Delaware and Salisbury, Maryland, and also owns elsewhere in its service area a number of properties that are used for office, service, and other purposes.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
In October 1992, the Company's largest firm gas customer filed a complaint in the Delaware Chancery Court seeking rescission of its current firm service agreement with the Company and other relief, including non-firm service as an interruptible Gas Transportation customer. For a discussion of the outcome of this case, see "Competition--Gas Business" on page I-3.
In November 1992, DCTC-Glendon, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania against Energenics/Glendon, Inc. (EGI) and Joseph M. Reibman (Reibman), the sole shareholder of EGI. In July 1993, the court entered an order granting EGI's and Reibman's motion to file omitted counterclaims and add counterclaim defendants, including the Company, various subsidiaries of the Company, and certain individual officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. In February 1994, DCTC-Glendon, Inc., D