he QTL test is subject to severe restrictions on its activities and a holding company of such an institution would also be subject to restrictions on its activities. Penalties for failure to meet the QTL test may result in: (1) required conversion of the savings association's charter to a bank charter; (2) limitation on new investments and activities to those permissible for national banks; (3) branching restrictions similar to those imposed on national banks; (4) prohibitions on obtaining new advances from the savings association's Federal Home Loan Bank; and (5) dividend restrictions. Non QTL institutions may obtain FHLB advances only to fund housing finance and only if they meet certain minimum FHLB stock purchase requirements. Federal Home Loan Banks may not allocate more than 30% of advances to non QTL institutions and must allocate scarce credit to QTL institutions first.
Classification of Assets. Insured institutions are required to classify their own assets on a regular basis and establish prudent valuation allowances in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The classification of assets system provides that certain assets which pose credit deficiencies or potential or well defined weaknesses be classified as assets deserving Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, or Loss. Please refer to the earlier section, "Allowance for Loan Losses," for a description of these classifications. As part of its regulatory oversight, the OTS requires each savings institution to reflect its self-classification of assets in aggregate totals in its quarterly reports to the OTS. In addition, the asset classification regulation requires OTS examiners to consider the institution's system of internal controls employed in classifying its assets, and to examine both the assets classified and the allowances for loan losses established by the institution pursuant to the self-classification procedure. The OTS has the authority to approve, disapprove, or modify