n S. Lerner Trustee March 18, 1994 Morton S. Lerner
/s/Walter F. Loeb Trustee March 18, 1994 Walter F. Loeb
/s/Donald H. Misner Trustee March 18, 1994 Donald H. Misner
/s/George L. Perry Trustee March 18, 1994 George L. Perry
SCHEDULES
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
Trustees and Shareholders Federal Realty Investment Trust
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Federal Realty Investment Trust as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trust's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Federal Realty Investment Trust as of December 31, 1993 and 1992 and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
Grant Thornton Washington, D.C. February 14, 1994
Federal Realty Investment Trust
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
Federal Realty Investment Trust
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF O