S Radio Network and CBS's owned radio stations compete with other radio networks, independent radio stations, suppliers of radio programming, and other advertising media. Competition with CBS's owned radio stations occurs primarily in their individual market areas, although on occasion stations outside a market place signals within that area. While such outside stations may obtain an audience share, they generally do not obtain any significant share of the advertising within the market.
Developments in radio technology could affect competition in the radio field. New radio technology, known as "digital audio broadcasting" (DAB), can provide sound of the quality of compact discs, which is significantly higher than that now provided by radio networks and stations using analog technology. CBS, among others, is actively involved in the study and development of this digital technology, but cannot predict when and to what extent existing radio networks and stations will be in a position to utilize it. The FCC has initiated proceedings to consider the development and implementation of DAB services. The FCC is also currently considering an application to establish a nationwide, satellite-delivered DAB service, which, if approved, could constitute an additional source of competition to conventional radio stations and networks.
CBS cannot predict the effect on its business or earnings of possible future competitive, economic, technological, international or industrial changes. Nor can CBS generally predict the outcome of administrative and judicial procedures or whether new legislation may be enacted or new regulations adopted that might bear on the broadcast industry or affect CBS's business. - 5 -
Material Licenses and Federal Regulation
Except as indicated below, all of CBS's television and radio stations operate under currently effective licenses from the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC"), which is empowered by the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, to, inter