e inspections and environmental questionnaires will be performed for every property, with a full Phase I environmental investigation and report required for all properties securing loans in excess of $1.0 million. The Bank's internal Commercial Real Estate Review Committee will approve all loan applications. Applications for loans in excess of $1.0 million will also be approved by the Loan Committee of the Board of Directors. The loans originated under this 5-35 unit loan program will be administered under the existing multi-family and commercial Loan Servicing Department of the Bank. Management hopes to originate $50 million of loans under this new program in 1994. See Management's Discussion and Analysis "Credit" contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders for a discussion of underwriting standards for these loans.
The Bank encounters certain environmental risks in its lending activities. Under federal and state environmental laws, lenders may become liable for the costs of cleaning up hazardous materials found on security properties. Certain states may also impose liens with higher priorities than first mortgages on properties to recover funds used in such efforts. Although the foregoing environmental risks are more usually associated with industrial and commercial loans, environmental risks may be substantial for residential lenders, like St. Paul Federal, since environmental contamination may render the security property unsuitable for residential use. In addition, the value of residential properties may become substantially diminished by contamination of nearby properties. In accordance with the guidelines of FNMA and FHLMC, appraisals for 1-4 family homes on which the Bank lends include comment on environmental influences and conditions. St. Paul Federal attempted to control its exposure to environmental risks with respect to multi-family, commercial and land loans originated under the Nationwide lending program by utilizing one or more of the followi