pany, Accounts Payable, and Due to Operator of Joint Venture
- The carrying amount approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.
Long-Term Receivable
- The estimated fair value of the Company's long-term receivable is as follows (in thousands of U.S. Dollars):
At December 31, 1992 Carrying Estimated Amount Fair Value Long-term receivable $5,620 $3,681
The fair value of the long-term receivable was based on discounted cash flows.
Long-Term Debt Due to Banks
- The carrying amount approximates fair value because of the variable rate of interest associated with this debt.
Independent Auditors' Report
The Board of Directors and Stockholders The Louisiana Land and Exploration Company:
Under date of February 9, 1994, we reported on the consolidated balance sheets of The Louisiana Land and Exploration Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of earnings (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1993, as contained in the Annual Report to Shareholders for 1993. As discussed in Notes 11 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted the methods of accounting for income taxes and postretirement benefits other than pensions prescribed by Statements of Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 109 and 106, respectively. These consolidated financial statements and our report thereon are incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 1993. In connection with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements, we also audited the related consolidated financial statement Schedules V, VI and X. These financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statement schedules based on our audits.
In our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic