w years and currently plans no new investments. In March of 1993, pursuant to the decision made at the end of the third quarter of 1992, the stock of HERS, formerly an HEI wind energy subsidiary, was sold to The New World Power Corporation and LVI became a direct subsidiary of HEI. See "Discontinued operations -- Hawaiian Electric Renewable Systems, Inc."
The financial information about the Company's industry segments is incorporated herein by reference to page 28 of HEI's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, portions of which are filed herein as HEI Exhibit 13(a).
For additional information about the Company, reference is made to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," incorporated herein by reference to pages 29 to 39 of HEI's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, portions of which are filed herein as HEI Exhibit 13(a).
RATING AGENCIES' ACTIONS
On February 8, 1993, Standard & Poor's (S&P) lowered HEI's and HECO's long- term credit ratings. S&P lowered HEI's medium-term note credit rating to BBB from BBB+, citing HECO's reduced credit worthiness and the write-off of HEI's investment in HIG. S&P noted that considerable political and financial uncertainty will remain until the ultimate impact of HIG on HEI is determined. S&P maintained a negative rating outlook reflecting downward pressure on HEI's and HECO's earnings which could intensify in the absence of adequate rate relief for HECO. HEI's commercial paper rating of A-2 was reaffirmed.
On February 26, 1993, Duff & Phelps Credit Rating Co. (D&P) lowered HEI's medium-term note rating to BBB+ from A- due to the continuing uncertainty surrounding HEI and its decision to cease operations at HIG. D&P noted that the extent of additional financial responsibility ultimately required, if any, is unknown, which adds risk that was not reflected in D&P's prior rating. HEI's commercial paper rating of Duff 1- (one-minus) was reaffirmed.
On February 11, 1994, in response to HEI's an