ing Officer of Northeast Savings in September 1991 and Chief Executive Officer of Northeast Savings in November 1993, effective January 1, 1994. He joined Northeast Savings from California Federal Bank, a subsidiary of Calfed, Inc., where he was Senior Vice President and Controller. Prior to that, he worked for Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) and prior to that, he served on the audit staff of Coopers & Lybrand. He was elected to the Board of Directors in 1990.
LYNNE M. CARCIA (age 31), was elected Senior Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company and the Association in April 1993. She was formerly Senior Vice President and Controller and Vice President--Loan Accounting, of the Association. She joined the Association in 1989. Previously, she was an audit manager with Ernst & Young.
JOANN DOLAN (age 42) was elected Executive Vice President--Loan Administration and Operations of the Association in May 1993. She joined the Association in 1987 as Vice President of Planning Administration and was elected to the position of Senior Vice President of Consumer Lending in October of 1989. She was elected to the position of Executive Vice President, Consumer Lending and Loan Administration in March of 1990.
TAMI W. KASCHULUK (age 36) was elected Executive Vice President & Chief Appraiser for the Association in December 1992. Formerly, she was Senior Vice President and Chief Appraiser of the Association. Prior to joining the Association in April 1989, she was manager of the Appraisal Division at Cushman and Wakefield.
DANIEL J. STEINMETZ (age 41) was elected Executive Vice President-- Commercial Lending of the Association in December 1993. He formerly served as Senior Vice President of Commercial Lending. He joined the Association in November 1988. Prior to that time, he was Vice President and Regional Manager at Bank of Boston, Connecticut.
VICTOR VRIGIAN (age 37) was elected Executive Vice President--Marketing and Retail Banking of the Associa