er to its Parent.
See accompanying notes to financial statements.
COOPERSURGICAL, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
GENERAL
CooperSurgical, Inc. ('CooperSurgical' or the 'Company'), a Delaware corporation, develops, manufactures and distributes electrosurgical, cryosurgical and general application diagnostic surgical instruments and equipment. The Cooper Companies, Inc. ('Parent'), a Delaware corporation, owns 100% of CooperSurgical's Series A preferred stock. CooperSurgical's outstanding common stock is 100% owned by individuals on the CooperSurgical Advisory Board which provides counsel and management of clinical trials in the area of minimally invasive surgery. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared from the separate records of CooperSurgical and may not be indicative of conditions which would have existed or the results of its operations if CooperSurgical operated autonomously (see Note 4). Foreign exchange translation and transactions are immaterial.
DEPENDENCE UPON PARENT
CooperSurgical has incurred substantial losses and has not generated positive cash flows from operations. The Company is, therefore, dependent upon its Parent for financing to meet its cash obligations. The Company's Parent issued its October 31, 1993 consolidated financial statements on or about January 24, 1994. The independent accountants' report thereon included the following explanatory paragraph:
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. During the past three fiscal years, the Company has suffered significant losses and negative cash flows. In addition, as discussed in Note 18 to the financial statements the Company is exposed to contingent liabilities related to a criminal conviction and a Securities and Exchange Commission action. Such losses, negative cash flows, and contingent liabilities raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability 