dity requirements imposed by the Director of the OTS. Because required reserves must be maintained in the form of cash or a noninterest-bearing account at a Federal Reserve bank, the effect of this reserve requirement is to reduce the amount of the institution's interest-earning assets.
Savings institutions also have the authority to borrow from the Federal Reserve "discount window." Federal Reserve Board regulations, however, require savings institutions to exhaust all FHLB sources before borrowing from a Federal Reserve bank.
TAXATION
Federal. The Bank and the Company file a calendar tax year consolidated federal income tax return and report their income and expenses using the accrual method of accounting.
Savings institutions are generally taxed in the same manner as other corporations. Unlike other corporations, however, qualifying savings institutions such as St. Paul Federal that meet certain definitional tests relating to the nature of their supervision, income, assets and business operations are allowed to establish reserves for bad debts for both "qualifying" and "non-qualifying loans" each tax year and are permitted to deduct additions to the reserve on "qualifying real property loans" using the more favorable of the following two alternative methods: (i) a method based on the institution's actual loss experience (the "experience method") or (ii) a method based on a specified percentage of an institution's taxable income (the "percentage of taxable income method"). "Qualifying real property loans" are, in general, loans secured by interests in improved real property. The addition to the reserve for nonqualifying loans must be computed under the experience method.
St. Paul Federal (except for 1989, 1992 and 1993, in which the experience method was used) generally computes the addition to its reserve for losses on qualifying real property loans using the percentage of taxable income method. Under this method a qualifying institution generally may deduct 8% o