ees from the hotel properties it manages based on a fixed percentage of gross revenues, fees for services rendered and performance-related incentive payments. The Company's portfolio of mortgages, notes and other assets primarily are associated with hotel properties currently managed or formerly owned by the Company and PMI.
The majority of the Company's hotel properties are moderately priced hotels comprised of 100 to 150 rooms primarily located in the Northeast and Florida, which are designed to attract business and leisure travelers desiring quality accommodations at affordable prices. The Company operates or manages many of the restaurants and cocktail lounges at its full service hotels. Its limited service hotels, such as Wellesley Inns and AmeriSuite hotels, generally do not have restaurants or cocktail lounges.
PRIME HOSPITALITY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JULY 31, 1992 AND JUNE 30, 1992 AND 1991 (CONTINUED)
Most of the hotel properties are operated or managed by the Company in accordance with franchise agreements with national hotel chains, including Howard Johnson, Ramada, Marriott, Holiday Inn, Sheraton, Days Inn and Radisson. Additionally, the Company operates or manages the Wellesley hotel properties under its trademark "Wellesley Inns." The Company owns the trademark "AmeriSuites", and all of these hotel properties are managed for the Company by a related party.
Principles of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and PMI and all of their majority-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Cash equivalents
Cash equivalents are highly liquid unrestricted investments with a maturity of three months or less when acquired.
Restricted cash
Restricted cash consists primarily of highly liquid investments that serve as collateral for debt obligations included in liabilities subject to compromise and is classi