rently undeveloped, located in the Weston Community. Reference is made to Note 12 for a discussion of the Partnership's use of certain tax-exempt financing in connection with the development of the Weston Community.
(c) Sarasota / Tampa, Florida
The Partnership owns property in the Longboat Key Club, a Community on Longboat Key which is a barrier island on Florida's west coast, approximately four miles from downtown Sarasota and seven miles from Sarasota/Bradenton airport. The Community is in its late stage of development. The Partnership also owns property in a Community in the Tampa area known as River Hills Country Club which is a 1,200-acre Community in its mid stage of development. The Partnership owned an interest in The Oaks Community in Sarasota, Florida. The Partnership sold its interest in The Oaks during 1993. Reference is made to Note 8 for a discussion of the sale of the Partnership's interest in The Oaks property and the repayment of the mortgage loan secured by such property.
(d) Jacksonville, Florida
The Partnership owns property in two Communities in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida, twenty-five miles from downtown Jacksonville, known as Sawgrass Country Club and The Players Club at Sawgrass. These Communities are in their final stages of development. The Partnership also owns property in a 730-acre Community known as the Jacksonville Golf and Country Club which is in its mid stage of development.
(e) Atlanta, Georgia
The Partnership owns properties in the Atlanta, Georgia area known as Water's Edge and Dockside, which are in their mid and final stages of development, respectively.
(f) Highlands, North Carolina
The Partnership owns a 600-acre Community near Highlands, North Carolina known as The Cullasaja Club. The Community is in its mid stage of development. At December 31, 1991, the Partnership owned a 50% joint venture interest in this Community; however, during 1992, the Partnership purchased its joint venture partner's 50% interest in the Community.