cellular service and to establish familiarity with the Company's name. Advertising is directed at gaining customers, increasing usage by existing customers and increasing the public awareness and understanding of the cellular services offered by the Company. The Company attempts to select the advertising and promotion media that are most appealing to the targeted groups of potential customers in each local market. The Company utilizes local advertising media and public relations activities and establishes programs to enhance public awareness of the Company, such as providing telephones and service for public events and emergency uses.
CUSTOMERS AND SYSTEM USAGE
Company data for 1993 indicate that 52% of the Company's customers use their cellular telephones primarily for business. Cellular customers come from a wide range of occupations. They typically include a large proportion of individuals who work outside of their offices such as people in the construction, real estate, wholesale and retail distribution businesses, and professionals. Most of the Company's customers use in-vehicle cellular telephones. However, more customers (71% of new customers in 1993 compared to 21% in 1988) are selecting portable and other transportable cellular telephones as these units become more compact and fully featured as well as more attractively priced.
The Company's cellular systems are used most extensively during normal business hours between 7:00 am and 6:00 pm. On average, the local retail customers in the Company's majority-owned and managed systems used their cellular systems approximately 103 minutes per unit each month and generated retail revenue of approximately $49 per month during 1993, compared to 121 minutes and $52 per month in 1992. Revenue generated by roamers, together with local, toll and other revenues, brought the Company's total average monthly service revenue per customer unit in majority-owned and managed markets to $99 during 1993. Average monthly service r