 including the terms of the settlement with PG&E and Wellhead. Following such confirmation, in February 1994, Agrico's assets were sold to Wellhead in a transaction that will not have a material effect on 1994 earnings. Under the terms of the sale to Wellhead, Energy Systems received $860,000 in cash and $2.4 million in notes in return for its secured debt interests in Agrico. In March 1994, Energy Systems provided a fund of $150,000 from the cash proceeds for pro rata distribution to Agrico's unsecured creditors. (See Part II, Item 8, Note 3.) The Company is party to certain legal actions in which claimants seek material amounts. Although it is impossible to predict the outcome with certainty, based upon the opinions of legal counsel, management does not expect disposition of these matters to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 1993.
PART II
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
(a) The outstanding common stock of the Company is traded in the over-the-counter market and its price and volume data are reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation (NASDAQ) system. The Company's common stock is included in the NASDAQ National Market System through which the high, low and closing transaction prices, as well as volume data, are reported.
The Company's common stock is included on the Federal Reserve Board's list of over-the-counter securities determined to be subject to margin requirements under the Board's regulations.
The quarterly high and low closing trades for the Company's common stock, as quoted on the NASDAQ National Market System and published by the Wall Street Journal, were as follows: --