ng for Certain Marketable Securities," and related Interpretations and amends SFAS 65, "Accounting for Certain Mortgage Banking Activities," to eliminate mortgage-backed securities from its scope.
SFAS 115 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993. It is to be initially applied as of the beginning of an enterprise's fiscal year and cannot be applied retroactively to prior years' financial statements. However, an enterprise may elect to initially apply SFAS 115 as of the end of an earlier fiscal year for which annual financial statements have not previously been issued. Correspondingly, the Company adopted SFAS 115 as of the end of the year ended December 31, 1993. As a result, unrealized gains of $9.5 million, net of tax effect, were recognized in stockholders' equity and increased the Association's core capital by 22 basis points.
On June 30, 1993, the FASB issued a proposed Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, "Accounting for Stock-based Compensation" (the proposed Statement). The proposed Statement would establish financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based compensation paid to employees. It would supersede APB Opinion No. 25 (APB 25), "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees." The proposed requirements also would apply to other transactions in which equity instruments are issued to suppliers of goods or services.
The proposed Statement would require recognition of compensation cost for the fair value of stock-based compensation paid to employees for their services. Although this proposed Statement would apply to all forms of stock-based compensation, its most notable effect would be to significantly reduce the anomalous results of the current accounting for fixed and performance stock options under APB 25. Performance stock options usually are less valuable than fixed stock options, but application of the requirements of APB 25 typically results in recognition of compensation cost for performance stock options and 