ing the administration of the investment portfolios of Balcor and its loan and equity partnerships. Mr. Klowden is a Certified Public Accountant and received his M.B.A. degree from DePaul University's Graduate School of Business.
Alan G. Lieberman (June 1959) joined Balcor in May 1983 and is responsible for the Property Sales and Capital Markets Groups. Mr. Lieberman is a Certified Public Accountant.
Lloyd E. O'Brien (December 1945) joined Balcor in April 1987 and has responsibility for the operations and development of Balcor's Information and Communication systems. Mr. O'Brien received his M.B.A. degree from the University of Chicago in 1984.
Brian D. Parker (June 1951) joined Balcor in March 1986 and is responsible for Balcor's corporate and property accounting, treasury, budget activities and corporate purchasing. Mr. Parker is a Certified Public Accountant and holds an M.S. degree in Accountancy from DePaul University and an M.A. degree in Social Service Administration from the University of Illinois.
John K. Powell, Jr. (June 1950) joined Balcor in September 1985 and is responsible for Balcor Consulting Group, Inc. which provides real estate advisory services to Balcor affiliated entities and third party clients. Mr. Powell received a Master of Planning degree from the University of Virginia.
Jeffrey D. Rahn (June 1954) joined Balcor in February 1983 and has primary responsibility for Balcor's Asset Management Department. He is responsible for the supervision of asset management matters relating to equity and loan investments held by Balcor and its affiliated partnerships. Mr. Rahn received his M.B.A. degree from DePaul University's Graduate School of Business.
Reid A. Reynolds (April 1950) joined Balcor in March 1981 and is involved with the asset management of residential properties for Balcor. Mr. Reynolds is a licensed Real Estate Broker in the State of Illinois.
(d) There is no family relationship between any of the foregoing officers.
(f) None of the for