flect their estimated net realizable values as determined by management's evaluation of these properties. These charges include approximately $9.2 million to reduce the carrying values of the Partnership's Water's Edge and Dockside Communities located near Atlanta, Georgia and its River Hills Community in Tampa, Florida.
These Communities had been experiencing slower sales absorptions than anticipated due to the pricing of products not being in line with market demand. The charges to the inventory carrying values resulted from the Partnership's plans to offer lower-priced homesite and housing products in these Communities which are more consistent with market demand. The Partnership did reduce the price of homesites in the Water's Edge and Dockside Communities as planned; however, during 1993, the Partnership experienced no significant increase in sales absorptions in these Communities. Recent market studies indicate further reductions of housing sales prices in these communities are warranted. Therefore, real estate inventories at December 31, 1993 include an additional charge totalling approximately $4.9 million to the inventory carrying value of the Water's Edge and Dockside Communities to reflect the adverse impact of these additional reductions in housing prices on future anticipated lot values.
Also included in real estate inventories at December 31, 1992, is a charge of approximately $2.3 million to reduce the carrying value of real estate inventories at The Oaks to properly reflect the estimated market value of the property assuming a bulk sale of the entire property. The balance of the charges to reduce real estate inventories, of approximately $0.7 million, was recorded to reflect the then current market value of several parcels of undeveloped commercial real estate. See Note 8 for discussion regarding the Partnership's sale of its remaining land holdings in The Oaks Community during 1993.
ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P. (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED 