d mall. These 48 shopping centers contain in the aggregate approximately 10.6 million net rentable square feet. The Trust's shopping
centers usually feature supermarket, drug or discount department store chains. There are approximately 1,500 tenants providing a wide range of retail products and services. These tenants range from sole proprietorships to national retailers. Fourteen of the shopping centers are located in the Maryland and Virginia suburbs of Washington, D.C., eleven are in Pennsylvania, nine are in New Jersey, three are in Virginia, two are in the Baltimore, Maryland suburbs, two are in Illinois and the remainder are in North Carolina, Michigan, Georgia, New York, Tennessee, Louisiana and Massachusetts. The Trust also owns one apartment development located in Silver Spring, Maryland, containing 282 units. No single property or tenant accounts for more than 10% of the Trust's revenues.
An important part of the Trust's investment strategy has been and is to acquire older, well-located shopping centers and enhance their revenue potential through a program of renovation, re-leasing and re-merchandising. In addition the Trust is currently seeking to acquire sites to develop new shopping centers. The Trust's policy is to execute tenant leases which provide for additional rent based upon tenant sales revenue and annual rent escalations. Tenants are typically required to pay their proportionate share of on-site operating expenses and real estate taxes. During the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991, shopping centers have contributed 94%, 92% and 93%, respectively, of the Trust's total revenue.
The Trust intends to continue to invest substantially all of its assets in shopping centers. The Trust is currently limited to investing east of the Mississippi River; to change this limitation requires Trustee approval. Investments are not required to be based on specific allocation by type of property. The extent to which the Trust may mortgage or otherwise f