ty companies and acquisitions of interests in any other business be approved by the SEC. PUHCA also limits the ability of registered holding companies to engage in non-utility ventures and regulates holding company system service companies and the rendering of services by holding company affiliates to the system's utilities. The SEC has interpreted the PUHCA to preclude registered holding companies, with some exceptions, from owning both electric and gas utility systems. The SEC may require that CG&E and Union Light divest their gas properties within a reasonable time after the merger in order to approve the merger as it has done in many cases involving the acquisition by a holding company of a combination gas and electric company. In some cases, the SEC has allowed the retention of the gas properties or deferred the question of divestiture for a substantial period of time. In those cases in which divestiture has taken place, the SEC usually has allowed companies sufficient time to accomplish the divestiture in a manner that protects shareholder value. CG&E and Union Light believe good arguments exist to allow retention of the gas assets, and will request that the Companies be allowed to do so.
Electric Operations - -------------------
Union Light does not own or operate any electric generating facilities. Its requirements for electric energy are purchased from CG&E at rates regulated by FERC. The maximum net peak load experienced by Union Light in 1993 of 661,397 Kw exceeded by 10% the previous record net peak load of 598,889 Kw established in 1991. Union Light owns an electric transmission system and an electric distribution system in Covington, Newport and other smaller communities and in adjacent rural territory within all or parts of the Counties of Kenton, Campbell, Boone, Grant, and Pendleton, in Kentucky.
The Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Energy Act) addresses several matters affecting electric utilities including mandated open access to the electric transmissi