$1.5 million on September 15, 1993; and $0.6 million on December 1, 1993, respectively. It is anticipated that additional filings to include recovery of the remaining carrying charges on investment, depreciation, as well as all operating costs required to comply with Phase I of the CAAA, and other increasing levels of expense for each Operating Subsidiary will be made in 1994 with increases to be effective around the end of 1994.
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions (SFAS No. 106)
The Operating Subsidiaries and APSC adopted SFAS No. 106 as of January 1, 1993. This requires all companies to accrue for the cost of postretirement benefits other than pensions (principally health care and life insurance) for the employee and covered dependents during the years that the employee renders the necessary service to receive such benefits. Prior to 1993, medical expenses and life insurance premiums paid by the Operating Subsidiaries and APSC for retired employees and their dependents were recovered in rates on a pay-as-you-go basis.
Recovery of SFAS No. 106 costs has been authorized for retail customers in Maryland effective in February 1993, in Pennsylvania effective in May 1993, and for FERC wholesale customers effective on the rate case effective date described above under ITEM 1. RATE MATTERS, FERC. Regulatory actions have been taken by the PUCO and Virginia PSC, which indicate that substantial recovery is probable. The West Virginia PSC considers recovery of SFAS No. 106 costs on a case- by-case basis and therefore Monongahela and Potomac Edison cannot predict the outcome of such proceedings. Recovery has been requested in rate cases filed in Virginia and West Virginia for which final commission decisions are expected in 1994. Recovery of these costs in Ohio will be requested in the next base rate case which is expected to be filed in early 1995. The Operating Subsidiaries are currently recovering approximately 85% of SFAS No. 106 expenses in rates. This reflects fo