ssets over 42 years on average. Other properties are depreciated generally using the straight-line method over estimated service lives at annual rates that range from 1% to 25%. The overall depreciation rate averaged 2.7% for roadway and 4.6% for equipment. NS capitalizes interest on major capital projects during the period of their construction. Maintenance expense is recognized when repairs are performed. When properties other than land are sold or retired in the ordinary course of business, the cost of the assets less the sale proceeds or salvage is charged to accumulated depreciation rather than recognized through income. Gains and losses on disposal of land, which is a nondepreciable asset, are included in other income.
Revenue Recognition - ------------------- Revenue is recognized proportionally as a shipment moves from origin to destination.
Earnings Per Share - ------------------ Earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the respective periods. Recent decreases in the number of shares outstanding are the result of the stock purchase program described in Note 14.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
Balance Sheet Classification - ---------------------------- Beginning with 1991, the balance sheet classification of certain revenue-related balances appears on an actual (net) basis rather than an estimated (gross) basis due to the earlier availability of certain settlement data with other railroads. This modification, which had no income statement effect, resulted in large offsetting declines in accounts receivable and accounts payable as illustrated in the Statement of Cash Flows for 1991.
Required Accounting Changes - --------------------------- Effective January 1, 1993, NS adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirem