e. In addition to its AEP System interconnection, APCo also is interconnected with the following unaffiliated utility companies: Carolina Power & Light Company, Duke Power Company and VEPCo. A comparatively small part of the properties and business of APCo is located in the northeastern end of the Tennessee Valley. APCo has several points of interconnection with TVA and has entered into agreements with TVA under which APCo and TVA interchange and transfer electric power over portions of their respective systems.
CSPCo (organized in Ohio in 1937, the earliest direct predecessor company having been organized in 1883), which is engaged in the generation, purchase, transmission and distribution of electric power to approximately 578,000 customers in Ohio, and in supplying electric power at wholesale to other electric utilities and to municipally owned distribution systems within its service area. At December 31, 1993, CSPCo had 2,143 employees. CSPCo's service area is comprised of two areas in Ohio, which include portions of twenty-five counties. One area includes the City of Columbus and the other is a predominantly rural area in south central Ohio. Approximately 80% of CSPCo's retail revenues are derived from the Columbus area. Among the principal industries served are food processing, chemicals, primary metals, electronic machinery and paper products. In addition to its AEP System interconnection, CSPCo also is interconnected with the following unaffiliated utility companies: CG&E, DP&L and Ohio Edison Company.
I&M (organized in Indiana in 1925), which is engaged in the generation, purchase, transmission and distribution of electric power to approximately 525,000 customers in northern and eastern Indiana and southwestern Michigan, and in supplying electric power at wholesale to other electric utility companies, rural electric cooperatives and municipalities. At December 31, 1993, I&M had 3,944
employees. Among the principal industries served are transportation equipm