ng inclusion of costs under the contracts in the energy cost adjustment clause. HECO pays market-related prices for fuel purchases made under these contracts.
HECO, MECO and HELCO have extended a contract with CUSA under which they will purchase No. 2 diesel fuel over a period of two years beginning January 1, 1994. The Company's utility subsidiaries jointly purchase medium sulfur residual fuel oil under this same contract and together purchase diesel fuel and residual fuel oil under a recently extended contract with BHP. The contracts with CUSA and BHP have been approved by the PUC which issued a final order in December 1993 permitting inclusion of costs under the contracts in the respective utility's energy cost adjustment clause. Diesel fuel and residual fuel oil supplies purchased under these agreements are priced on a market-related basis.
The diesel fuel supplied to the Lanai Division of MECO is provided under an agreement with the CUSA jobber (i.e., wholesale merchant) on Lanai. The Molokai Division of MECO receives diesel fuel supplies through the joint purchase contract between HECO, MECO and HELCO and CUSA referred to above.
The low sulfur residual fuel oil burned by HECO on Oahu is derived primarily from Indonesian and domestic crude oils. The medium sulfur residual fuel oil burned by MECO and HELCO is generally derived from domestic crude oil.
The fuel oil commitments information in Note 11 to HECO's Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference to page 24 of HECO's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholder, portions of which are filed herein as HECO Exhibit 13(b).
The following table sets forth the average costs of fuel oil used to generate electricity in the years 1993, 1992 and 1991:
The average cost per barrel of fuel oil used to generate electricity for HECO, MECO and HELCO reflects the different fuel mix of each company. HECO uses primarily low sulfur residual fuel oil, MECO uses a significant amount of diesel fuel and HELCO uses pr