ITEM 1. BUSINESS
a. General Development of Business.
The Company began operations in 1928 and has grown through both internal expansion and new business acquisitions. Efforts since 1984 have focused on expansion of the Lighting Segment and the Compressors and Vacuum Pumps Segment as the two core businesses. The significant recent additions to these two core segments have been ASF, Pneumotive, Brey, and WISA, all compressor and vacuum pump companies, acquired from 1987 through 1990; and the Lumec and Day-Brite Lighting additions in 1987 and 1989, respectively. These acquisitions have been strategically important to the Company, as they allow us to offer a more complete product line and make us a more prominent participant in both the lighting and compressor and vacuum pump markets.
The Lighting Segment operates in a multi-faceted industry, serving the residential, commercial, industrial, and outdoor markets. The industry is dominated by five companies in the U.S. and Canada, one of which is Thomas Industries. Although the industry is subject to the cyclicality of residential and commercial construction activity, replacement and renovation activity moderates these cycles somewhat.
Operations of the Compressors and Vacuum Pump Segment help the Company moderate the impact of the Lighting Segment's vulnerability to construction and economic cycles. Thomas believes it is the major supplier to the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) medical market and a significant participant in its other OEM compressor and vacuum pump markets.
The Company's other disassociated businesses consist of three smaller operating units that provide commercial construction hardware and consumer fireplaces and fireplace accessory products.
b. Financial Information about Industry Segments.
The information required by this item is set forth in the registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993, in Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements found o