 operating costs and expenses. Due to worldwide competition in the steel industry, the Company may not be able to pass through such increased cost to its customers. Property, plant facilities and equipment purchased by the Company in prior years have been subject to inflation; consequently, current charges to depreciation are smaller than would be required if such assets were valued at replacement cost.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Stockholders and Directors of Oregon Steel Mills, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oregon Steel Mills, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards required that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Oregon Steel Mills, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial