 approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.
INVENTORIES
Inventories are stated at the lower of average cost or market.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment are recorded at historical costs, including all costs directly related to the acquisition or construction of, and the preparation for, the assets' intended use, such as interest capitalized on funds borrowed to finance the major capital additions. Such capitalized interest amounted to $1.7 million, $318,000 and $1.4 million in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. Depreciation is determined utilizing principally the straightline method over the estimated useful lives of the individual items. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and costs of improvements are capitalized. Upon disposal, related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and resulting gains or losses are reflected in income.
EXCESS OF COST OVER NET ASSETS ACQUIRED
Excess of cost over net assets acquired, principally from the acquisition of CF&I Steel, L.P. ("CF&I"), is being amortized over 40 years using the straight-line method.
REVENUE RECOGNITION
Revenue is recognized when the earning process is complete and an exchange has taken place. The earning process is not considered complete until collection of the sales price is reasonably assured.
TAXES ON INCOME
Deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at year end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Tax credits are accounted for using the flow through method which recognizes such credits in the year in which the credit arises by a reduction to income tax expense.
As of January 1, 1992, the Company adopted the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, (FAS No. 109) 