ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
INTRODUCTION
Southern Union Company ("Southern Union" and, together with its subsidiaries, the "Company") was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1932. The Company's principal line of business is the distribution of natural gas as a public utility through Southern Union Gas Company ("Southern Union Gas") and Missouri Gas Energy, each of which is a division of the Company. Southern Union Gas serves approximately 483,000 residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural and other customers in the States of Texas (including the cities of Austin, Brownsville, El Paso, Galveston and Port Arthur) and Oklahoma. Missouri Gas Energy, acquired on January 31, 1994, serves approximately 472,000 customers in central and western Missouri (including the cities of Kansas City, St. Joseph, Joplin and Monett). See "Missouri Acquisition."
Subsidiaries of Southern Union have been established to support and expand natural gas sales and to capitalize on the Company's gas energy expertise. These subsidiaries market natural gas to end-users, sell natural gas as a vehicular fuel, convert vehicles to operate on natural gas, operate intrastate and interstate natural gas pipeline systems, and sell commercial gas air conditioning and other gas-fired engine-driven applications. By providing "one-stop shopping," the Company can serve its various customers' particular energy needs, which encompass substantially all of the natural gas distribution and sales businesses from natural gas sales to specialized energy consulting services. A subsidiary also holds investments in real estate which are used primarily in the Company's utility business. See "Company Operations."
The Company is a sales and market-driven energy company whose management is committed to achieving profitable growth of its natural gas energy businesses in an increasingly competitive business environment. Management's strategies for achieving these objectives principally consist of: (i) promoting