based on estimated service lives of depreciable properties and amounted to approximately 3.4% of average depreciable property in 1993 and 3.3% in each of the years 1992 and 1991. The cost of maintenance and of certain replacements of property, plant, and equipment is charged principally to operating expenses. INVESTMENTS: The investment in subsidiaries consolidated represents the excess of acquisition cost over book equity (goodwill) prior to 1966. Goodwill is not being amortized because, in management's opinion, there has been no reduction in its value. Other investments primarily represent the cash surrender values and prepayments of purchased life insurance contracts on certain qualifying management employees under an executive life insurance plan and a supplemental executive retirement plan (Secured Benefit Plan). Payment of future premiums will fully fund these benefits. INCOME TAXES: Financial accounting income before income taxes differs from taxable income principally because certain income and deductions for tax purposes are recorded in the financial income statement in another period. Differences between income tax that would be paid if taxes were computed on the basis of financial accounting income instead of taxable income are accounted for substantially in accordance with the accounting procedures followed for ratemaking purposes. Provisions for federal income tax were reduced in previous years by investment credits, and amounts equivalent to such credits were charged to income with concurrent credits to a deferred account, balances in which are being amortized over estimated service lives of the related properties.
POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS: The subsidiaries have a noncontributory, defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees, including officers. Benefits are based on the employee's years of service and compensation. The funding policy is to contribute annually at least the minimum amount required under the Employee Retirement Income