terms that were comparable to those available from other leasing companies. The leasing transactions were not material to either the Company or Daido Hoxan Inc.
Fidelity Management Trust Company ("Fidelity") is the owner of record of the shares of Holding held by the ESOP, a 17% owner of Holding shares. Fidelity was paid by the Company approximately $180,000 in 1993 for services in connection with administering the Company's ESOP and Savings Plan.
Mr. Nickell's father is an officer and owns more than 10 percent of AC Corporation, a contracting company which purchases air conditioning products from the Company's Trane Division. Such purchases in 1993 were on customary terms and in the ordinary course of business and were not material to either the Company or AC Corporation.
Management Investors Stockholders Agreement
Under the Stockholders Agreement, pursuant to which Management Investors purchased shares of Holding common stock, Holding is obligated to repurchase, subject to the limitations contained in the Company's lending arrangements and debt instruments, such shares at certain fair market prices in case of the death, disability, retirement, or termination of employment of a Management Investor. Shares are paid for within the constraints of the Company's lending arrangement and debt instruments, as supplemented by a Schedule of Priorities established by Holding's Board of Directors. The Named Officers (other than Mr. Gandini) and most of the executive officers are Management Investors and parties to the Stockholders Agreement.
PART IV
ITEM 14.
ITEM 14. CONSOLIDATED EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
(a) 1 and 2. Financial statements and financial statement schedules
The financial statements and schedules listed in the accompanying index to financial statements are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K.
3. Exhibits
The exhibits listed on the accompanying index to exhibits are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10