s to customers in advance of their seasonal requirements and permitting payment for such merchandise at specified later dates.
In fiscal 1993, in addition to the United States, the Company distributed its SPERRY TOP-SIDER(R) brand products in Italy, Germany, Japan, Turkey and the United Kingdom, as well as other countries in Europe, South America and Asia, through local distributors. During fiscal year 1992, the Company formed a new subsidiary to distribute SPERRY TOP-SIDER(R) products in certain Western European countries. This subsidiary commenced operations in the first quarter of fiscal 1993, with sales mainly in France.
In fiscal 1993, in addition to the United States, KEDS(R) brand products were distributed by the Company in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Denmark, England, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Israel, Italy, Japan, Portugal, Singapore, Sweden and the United Kingdom, as well as in several other countries in Latin America and Asia, again using local distributors. KEDS(R) brand products are also sold by a distributor in Israel under a license agreement and PRO-Keds(R) brand products are sold by a distributor in Japan, also under a license agreement. Further, KEDS(R) products are sold in Central America, Bolivia, Ecuador, Peru, Venezuela and in the Caribbean countries and territories (except the United States and French territories) under a license agreement.
The Company is also a party to foreign license agreements in which independent companies operate Stride Rite retail stores outside the United States. An aggregate of 13 stores are currently operating in Canada, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, Hong Kong, Mexico and Singapore. In addition, the Company also distributes STRIDE RITE(R) brand products to several retailers in the Caribbean, Korea, Mexico and Panama.
The Company also distributes SPERRY TOP-SIDER(R), STRIDE RITE(R) and KEDS(R) products in Canada through its Canadian subsidiary.
International Sourcing - ----------------------
The Company pur