e Operating Subsidiaries' disposal costs.
An additional issue which could impact the Operating Subsidiaries and which is undergoing intense study, is the effect, if any, of electric and magnetic fields. The financial impact of this issue on the Operating Subsidiaries, if any, cannot be assessed at this time.
In connection with President Clinton's Climate Change Action Plan concerning greenhouse gases, the Operating Subsidiaries expressed by letter to the DOE in August 1993, their willingness to work with the DOE on implementing voluntary, cost-effective courses of action that reduce or avoid emission of greenhouse gases. Such courses of action must take into account the unique circumstances of each participating company, such as growth requirements, fuel mix and other circumstances. Furthermore, they must be consistent with the Operating Subsidiaries' integrated resource planning process and must not have an adverse effect on competitive position in terms of costs and rates or be unacceptable to their regulators. Some 63 other utility systems submitted similar letters.
REGULATION
APS and the Subsidiaries are subject to the broad jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 (PUHCA). APS is also subject to the jurisdiction of the Maryland PSC as to certain of its activities. The Subsidiaries are regulated as to substantially all of their operations by regulatory commissions in the states in which they operate and also by the DOE and the FERC. In addition, they are subject to numerous other city, county, state, and federal laws, regulations, and rules.
EPACT became law on October 24, 1992. This broad legislation, among other things, amends PUHCA to permit utilities subject to PUHCA to compete in the wholesale generation business with other wholesale generators which it exempts from PUHCA; to ease restrictions on financing for that purpose; and to permit investment in foreign utilities. EPACT also amen