les ("GAAP"). In preparing the financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the statements of consolidated financial condition and income and expenses for the periods presented. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the next year relate to the determination of the allowance for real estate acquired in connection with the Exchange transactions and in satisfaction of loans. In connection with the determination of the allowance for loan losses and real estate owned, management obtains independent appraisals for significant properties, when it is deemed prudent.
Where applicable, reference is made to the financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements of BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank and Subsidiaries, included elsewhere herein. Differences in amounts between those financial statements and these financial statements would primarily pertain to amounts related to BFC Financial Corporation or purchase accounting adjustments discussed in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of BFC Financial Corporation and Subsidiaries.
Principles of Consolidation - BFC Financial Corporation ("BFC" or "the Company") is a savings and loan holding company as a consequence of its ownership of the common stock of BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank ("BankAtlantic"). The consolidated financial statements for the year 1993 include the accounts of BFC Financial Corporation, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Because the Company's ownership interest in BankAtlantic was reduced below 50% in 1993, BankAtlantic is not consolidated but is carried on the equity method for 1993. The consolidated financial statements for the years 1992 and 1991 include the accounts of BFC Financial Corporation, its majority-owned subsidiary, BankAtlantic, and its w