countries in which Galileo operates and which are usually owned by the Galileo partner airline resident in a particular country, or if there is none, by Galileo or a local contractor. Galileo is used by approximately 30% of the travel agent locations outside North America, where it has over 42,000 terminals at more than 14,000 locations.
ATS, which is held solely by the North American carriers, is responsible for marketing, sales and support of Apollo CRS products and services in the United States, Mexico and the Caribbean. A third entity, Galileo Japan Partnership, a 50%- owned affiliate of United, was also formed in September 1993 for the purpose of distributing CRS services in Japan.
In Canada, Apollo is distributed as the "Apollo by Gemini" product sold by the Gemini Group Limited Partnership ("Gemini"),in which Galileo owned a one-third interest. Gemini is under a court order to dissolve by November 1994, and Air Canada has agreed to acquire Galileo's interest in Gemini. Galileo is in discussions concerning an alternative distribution of its CRS products and services in Canada.
Competition among CRS vendors is intense, and services similar to these offered by Galileo are marketed by several air carriers and other concerns, both in the United States and worldwide. In the European and Pacific CRS markets, various consortia of foreign carriers have formed CRSs to be marketed in countries in which the owning carriers have a substantial presence.
Government Regulation
General. All carriers engaged in air transportation in the United States, including United, are subject to regulation by the DOT and the FAA under the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended (the "Aviation Act"). The DOT has authority to regulate certain economic and consumer protection aspects of air transportation. It is empowered to issue certificates of public convenience and necessity for domestic air transportation upon a carrier's showing of fitness; to prohibit unjust discrimination; to prescr