, 1994, with any initial adjustment to base rates, if any, in May 1995. Under the FRP, a formula will be established under which MP&L's earned rate of return will be calculated automatically every 12 months and compared to a benchmark rate of return calculated under a separate formula within the FRP. If MP&L's earned rate of return falls within a bandwidth around the benchmark rate of return, there will be no adjustment in rates. If MP&L's earnings are above the bandwidth, the FRP will automatically reduce MP&L's base rates. Alternatively, if MP&L's earnings are below the bandwidth, the FRP will automatically increase MP&L's base rates (see "Rate Freeze" above for information on a cap on base rates at November 1993 levels for a period of five years). The reduction or increase in base rates will be an amount representing 50% of the difference between the earned rate of return and the nearest limit of the bandwidth. In no event will the annual adjustment in rates exceed the lesser of 2% of MP&L's aggregate annual retail revenues, or $14.5 million. Under the FRP the benchmark rate of return, and consequently the bandwidth, will be adjusted slightly upward or downward based upon MP&L's performance on three performance factors: customer reliability, customer satisfaction, and customer price.
In its Final Order, the MPSC also recognized that on February 9 and 10, 1994, a severe ice storm struck northern Mississippi causing extensive and widespread damage to MP&L's transmission and distribution facilities in approximately 15 counties. Although the MPSC made no findings in the final order as to MP&L's costs associated with the ice storm and restoration of service, the MPSC acknowledged that there is precedent in Mississippi for recovery of certain costs associated with storms and natural disasters and restoration of service. The MPSC stated the recovery of MP&L's ice storm costs should be addressed in a separate docket. MP&L plans to immediately file for rate recovery of th