ing revenues by segment include both sales to unaffiliated customers, as reported in the Company's Statement of Consolidated Operations, and intersegment sales, which are accounted for on the basis of contract, current market or internally established transfer prices. The intersegment sales are primarily sales from the exploration and production segment to the natural gas and refining and marketing segments and from the natural gas segment to the refining and marketing segment.
Operating profit is total revenues less interest income from affiliates and operating costs and expenses. Operating expenses exclude income taxes, corporate general and administrative expenses and interest.
Identifiable assets by segment are those assets that are used in the Company's operations in each segment. Corporate assets are those assets which are not specifically identifiable with a segment.
The Company's operating revenues, operating profit, capital expenditures, and depreciation, depletion and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, and identifiable assets as of December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, by segment, are shown as follows (millions of dollars):
Refining and marketing revenues include gross profit arising from the selling, trading and exchanging of third party products. Approximate amounts from these transactions included in revenues and the impact on earnings, exclusive of interest costs, were (millions of dollars):
The number and magnitude of such transactions may vary significantly from year to year, particularly in view of conditions in world petroleum markets.
Results for 1992 reflect a primarily non-cash $125 million pretax charge for restructuring certain refining and marketing operations. The charge reflects numerous actions to reduce costs and working capital, limit risks and eliminate marginal activities, and primarily relates to reducing the carrying value of certain assets. Eighty-five million dollars of the charge relates to whol