 in recent years.
The competition in the market for ERW pipe is based on price, product quality and responsiveness to customers. The need for this product has a direct correlation to the drilling rig count in the United States and Canada. In recent years, the drilling rig count has been at a low level and consequently the demand for ERW pipe has also been low. The Company believes that, as the need for natural gas increases, the rig count will also begin to increase. Principal competitors in the ERW product in western Canada are IPSCO located in Regina, Saskatchewan and Prudential located in Calgary, Alberta.
CF&I Steel Division
The majority of current rail requirements in the United States revolves around replacement rail for existing rail lines. Consequently, domestic rail demand is projected to be stable for the next several years. Imports have been a significant factor in the domestic premium rail market in recent years. Premium rail represents approximately 25 percent of the domestic market and is expected to increase over the next few years. The Company's capital expenditure program at CF&I will give the rail production facilities the continuous cast steel and in-line head hardening rail capabilities necessary to compete with the level of cost and quality available from other producers. Bethlehem Steel Corporation is the only other domestic rail producer.
The Company's primary competitors in OCTG include a number of domestic and foreign manufacturers, some of which have significantly greater resources than the Company. Competition is based primarily on price and quality. The Company enjoys a freight advantage over eastern producers in shipping to some of the major oil drilling areas. The Company also has the flexibility to produce relatively small volumes of specified products on short notice in response to customer requirements. Principal domestic competitors include U.S. Steel Corporation, Lone Star Steel and Maverick Steel.
The competition in bar products i