3 for a total cost of $74.7 million. Financing was provided primarily out of cash and cash flow. In the fourth quarter 1993, the company borrowed $25 million under its $50 million construction and term loan credit facility that is collateralized by Ramada Express. In December 1993, the company entered into the First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which converted the construction and term loan into a $50 million revolving line of credit that matures in June 1996. This new credit agreement can be used for general corporate purposes and may be converted into a three-year reducing revolving line of credit.
PURCHASE OF THIRD PARTY PARTIAL INTEREST IN TROPWORLD A second major capital expenditure in 1993 was the purchase in July of the partnership interests in Ambassador Real Estate Investors, L.P. ("AREI") and Ambassador General Partnership ("AGP"). AREI owned a 99.9% general partnership interest in AGP, which acquired a substantial interest in TropWorld in a sale-leaseback transaction in 1984. The aggregate consideration, including costs incurred to complete the transaction, was approximately $62 million. The company funded the AREI/AGP acquisition using cash and a $10 million revolving credit loan obtained in July 1993. This acquisition did not significantly change Aztar's total assets. The cash paid by Aztar and notes receivable from AGP were replaced on Aztar's balance sheet by the assets acquired. The additional $10 million of indebtedness incurred by Aztar was more than offset by a reduction of indebtedness to AGP.
TROPICANA PROJECT At the end of 1993 at Tropicana, the company was in the process of constructing a new main entrance, adding a new building facade that will create a colorful Caribbean Village motif facing "The New Four Corners" of Las Vegas and funding a portion of
the construction by the State of Nevada of a four-way pedestrian skywalk system at the intersection of Las Vegas Boulevard and Tropicana Avenue. Expenditures in 1993 were approximatel