PORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
A. Principles of Consolidation:
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Starrett Housing Corporation (the "Company") and all of its subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.
B. Recognition of Income:
The Company follows the percentage-of-completion method of recording revenues and related costs from construction contracts using the cost-to-cost method and provides currently for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts. Profits relating to sales of limited partnership interests and development fees are recognized on the percentage-of-completion method and full accrual method as appropriate.
Revenue from the sale of real estate in which the Company has a continuing involvement is recognized in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 66. Reflected in the deferred revenues account is that portion of the profit from the sale which is required to be deferred under the provisions of such Statement.
Revenues from house sales and all related costs and expenses are recognized upon passage of title to the buyer and receipt of an adequate down payment.
Revenues from cost-plus fee contracts are recognized on the basis of costs incurred during the period plus the fee earned.
C. Inventory of Real Estate:
Inventory of real estate is stated at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. Cost includes direct acquisition, development and construction costs, interest and other indirect construction costs. Estimated net realizable value is defined as an estimate of sales proceeds less all estimated costs of carrying, completing and disposing of the property. Interest is capitalized at the effective interest rates paid on borrowings for interest costs incurred on real estate inventory components during the preconstruction and planning stage and th