ber of oil and gas drilling rigs working in the United States. The rig count in the United States (and, consequently, the consumption of OCTG) has been depressed in recent years.
During 1993 the Company sold its bar products to more than 300 customers, most of which were fabricators and distributors. The majority of its customers are regional, located primarily within the state of Colorado. Incremental costs for transportation limit the Company's ability to ship the product out of the region and surrounding states.
Sales of wire products are made to a large number and wide variety of customers in the western United States. The customers are primarily in the agricultural and construction segments. The agricultural market remains constant but the construction market is cyclical and has been depressed.
The Company's wire rod products are sold primarily to wire drawers and consist of a number of customers, primarily in the western United States. The demand for wire rod is driven by wire demand and is dependent upon agricultural, construction and to a lesser degree, the durable goods segments.
COMPETITION AND OTHER MARKET FACTORS
The Company competes in its product markets primarily on the basis of product quality, price, and responsiveness to customer needs. Competition within the domestic steel industry is driven by overcapacity in most products and is intense. Domestic steel producers face significant competition from foreign producers. The highly competitive nature of the industry, combined with overcapacity in most products, has exerted downward pressure on the pricing of plate, large diameter line pipe, and OCTG; the Company expects this to continue into 1994.
Oregon Steel Division
Some of the Company's steel plate competitors are larger, have greater capital resources than the Company and have modern technology and relatively low labor and raw material costs. Principal competitors in the commodity steel plate market include Geneva Steel Corporation, located in Uta