hased under agreements to resell (repurchase agreements) for short-term cash management. The Association takes physical possession of the collateral for these agreements, which normally consists of U.S. Treasury securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, or mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by agencies of the U.S. government.
Investment Securities
Investment securities include U.S. Government, agency, and corporate bonds, collateralized mortgage obligations, and asset-backed securities. Those securities which management has the intent and ability to hold until maturity are classified as held-to-maturity and are carried at amortized cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts into interest income using the level-yield method. Premiums are amortized to the earlier of the call or maturity date and discounts are accreted to the maturity date. Investment securities which have been identified as assets for which there is not a positive intent to hold to maturity, including all marketable equity securities, are classified as available-for-sale. SFAS 115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," requires that available- for-sale securities be reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of stockholders' equity. The Company implemented SFAS 115 as of December 31, 1993. SFAS 115 may not be applied retroactively.
Gains and losses on sales of investment securities are computed on a specific identification cost basis. Investment securities which have experienced an other than temporary decline are written down to fair value as a new cost basis with the amount of the writedown included in earnings as a realized loss. The new cost basis is not changed for subsequent recoveries in fair value. Factors which management considers in determining whether an impairment in value of an investment is other than temporary include the issuer's financial perfor