would reduce annual revenues by $100.6 effective September 1992 (of which $24.5 relates to wide-area calling plans which had already been implemented when the order was issued, and $7.4 relates to expanded wide-area calling plans implemented during 1993 through March 1994), partially offset by a positive annual revenue adjustment of $7.8 to compensate the Telephone Company for its investment of $84 over five years for network modernization. The order would also lower the allowed return on equity from 14.25 percent to 12.20 percent. In addition, the order denies recovery of depreciation expense associated with certain network assets and changes the regulatory method of accounting for pension expense. These actions could result in a maximum one-time reduction in net income of approximately $36.
In September 1992, the Telephone Company appealed to the Oklahoma Supreme Court which suspended the effectiveness of the entire order pending final disposition. This appeal is still pending.
The Telephone Company is contesting all aspects of the OCC's actions. Although it is unable to predict the outcome of the proceeding at this time, management believes that the OCC-ordered refund of revenues collected before the date of the OCC's August 1992 order is illegal under Oklahoma law, and will be overturned by the Court. The Court may require the Telephone Company to implement some portion of the annual rate reductions indicated in the OCC order. Management is unable to determine the outcome of the remaining portions of the OCC order. Ultimate resolution of the entire OCC order is not expected to have a material impact on financial results.
In 1986, the OCC made an inquiry into the effects of the Tax Reform Act of 1986 on the Telephone Company. As a result, in October 1989, the OCC concluded that the Telephone Company had a revenue surplus of $27.5, and required the Telephone Company to invest this surplus, together with interest, to upgrade its network in Oklahoma rather than refu