nership changed from the equity method of accounting to the consolidated method of accounting for the joint venture effective March 1, 1993. This consolidation contributes to the decrease in mortgages receivable at December 31, 1993 as compared to December 31, 1992.
During October 1993, the Partnership closed on the sale of its Oak Bridge Club near Jacksonville, Florida to an unaffiliated third party for approximately $3.2 million. This is the primary cause for the decrease in property and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 1993 as compared to December 31, 1992.
Reference is made to Note 11 regarding the Partnership's financial guarantees pursuant to the terms of a loan agreement for a commercial/industrial joint venture in Pompano Beach, Florida in which the Partnership owns a 50% interest. The Partnership also has certain continuing obligations relative to this joint venture as referred to in such Note.
Reference is made to Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this annual report for a discussion of several lawsuits, in which the Partnership is a defendant, allegedly arising out of or relating to Hurricane Andrew and certain property damage allegedly suffered by the plaintiffs at a previously developed community known as Country Walk.
During 1991, the Partnership obtained project specific financing in the amount of $7 million on a retail shopping plaza located in the Partnership's Weston Community. Subsequent to this transaction, the Partnership contributed the assets and related indebtedness associated with the plaza to a joint venture and sold a 21% interest in the venture to an unaffiliated third-party.
In July 1991, the Partnership converted the Weston Hills Country Club (the "Club") from an equity to a non-equity membership plan in an effort to increase membership and usage of the Club and stimulate sales momentum within the Community.
In addition, during 1991 the Partnership closed on the sale of a land parcel in its Broken Sound Community t