 as directors of the Company. Only Shareholders of record on March 4, 1994 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Special Meeting. The consummation of the merger is subject to receipt of the approval of holders of 66 2/3% of the outstanding Shares.
REVENUE AND LOSSES FROM REAL ESTATE OPERATIONS
The breakdown of revenue and loss from real estate operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991 is as follows ($ in thousands):
GEOGRAPHIC ANALYSIS OF REVENUE
The geographic breakdown of the Trust's rents and tenant reimbursements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991 is as follows ($ in thousands):
- ---------------
(*) The Charlotte property was sold during the fourth quarter of 1992.
COMPETITION AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
The Trust owns industrial properties in Baltimore, Dallas, Ft. Lauderdale, Houston, Los Angeles, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, and Seattle, and one retail property in Denver. The principal methods of competition in these markets are price, location, quality of space, and amenities. In each case, the Trust owns
a small portion of the total similar space in the market and competes with owners of other space for tenants. Each of these markets is highly competitive, and other owners of property may have competitive advantages not enjoyed by the Trust.
TCC Entities, which provide leasing and management services for most of the Trust's properties, also own and/or manage space in each market in which the Trust owns property. The Trust has access to the managerial skills, experience, and relationships of TCC Entities in the markets where TCC Entities provide such services. Although the Trust Managers currently believe that this access will benefit the Trust, TCC Property Managers also have relationships and interests that may conflict with the interest of, and may have an adverse impact on, the Trust in certain circumstances. Various steps have been taken in structuring the Trust to ameliorate the effect of these p