administration of the Federal securities laws. Schwab and M&S are registered as broker-dealers with the SEC. Schwab and CSIM are registered as investment advisers with the SEC.
Much of the regulation of broker-dealers has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations, principally the NASD and the national securities exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (NYSE), which has been designated by the SEC as Schwab's primary regulator with respect to its securities activities. The NASD has been designated as M&S' primary regulator by the SEC with respect to its securities activities. During 1993, the NASD was Schwab's designated primary regulator with respect to options trading activities. Currently, the American Stock Exchange is Schwab's designated primary regulator with respect to options trading activities. These self-regulatory organizations adopt rules (subject to approval by the SEC) governing the industry and conduct periodic examinations of broker-dealers. Securities firms are also subject to regulation by state securities commissions in the states in which they do business. Schwab is registered as a broker-dealer in 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. M&S is registered as a broker-dealer in 17 states as of December 1993.
The regulations to which broker-dealers and investment advisers are subject cover all aspects of the securities business, including sales methods, trading practices among broker-dealers, uses and safekeeping of customers' funds and securities, capital structure of securities firms, record keeping, fee arrangements, disclosure to clients, and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. Additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by the SEC and by self-regulatory organizations, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules may directly affect the method of operation and profitability of broker-dealers and investment advisers. The SEC, self-regulatory organizations, and stat