will continue to focus on the development and introduction of new products and expanding and improving existing product lines. Additionally, WTG-Europe is continuing to expand its European presence by establishing a subsidiary in France and other European locations. These expansions are expected to result in sales growth in the future and increased market penetration in key regions. WTG-America (WTG-A) expects to introduce new products during the second and third quarters of 1994 in an effort to gain additional market share. Sales growth is therefore expected for 1994.
The Company's agricultural pumps and domestic water systems pumps manufactured by WTG are marketed in the United States through the WTG-America sales force. The Company employs approximately 50 WTG-A field sales force persons to call on approximately 500 distributors throughout the country. These distributors, primarily plumbing, heating and pump specialty wholesalers, sell to and service nearly 7,300 Goulds Pumps Dealers Association members.
Joint Ventures
Oil Dynamics, Inc., of Tulsa, Oklahoma, is a 50% owned joint venture with Franklin Electric Co. which manufactures and distributes a line of high performance submersible pumps used in secondary oil recovery and provides the necessary sales and service network. This joint venture posted a $3.8 million earnings increase when compared to 1992 results, reflecting the strength of significant Russian business that will continue into the first quarter of 1994. Currently, due to the suspension of Russian financing availability, further ODI shipments to Russia have been halted. Though prior suspensions have been relatively short in duration, the end date cannot be predicted.
International joint ventures are discussed on page 7 of this report under "International Operations".
(D) General
Competition
The Company is one of the largest manufacturers of pumps in the United States. There are few competitors in the industrial sector in the United States who carry 