avings Bank; Alan B. Levan; I.R.E. Advisors Series 25, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 27, Corp.; I.R.E. Income Advisors Corp.; First Equity Corporation of Florida, Defendants, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Fort Lauderdale Division, Case No. 92-6588-Civ-King. On January 18, 1991, BFC issued a prospectus and solicitation of consents in which it offered to exchange up to $17 million in subordinated unsecured debentures for all of the assets and liabilities of I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd.- ("Series 25"), I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd.- ("Series 27"), I.R.E. Real Estate ("Income Fund") and I.R.E. Pension Investors, Ltd the ("1991 Exchange"). The 1991 Exchange was approved by a majority of the limited partners in all of the partnerships except I.R.E. Pension Investors, Ltd. The Exchange subsequently was effectuated without I.R.E. Pension Investors, Ltd.
In December 1992, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, the result of which is to enlarge the class to all limited partners in the 1991 Exchange. Plaintiffs allege that the defendants orchestrated the Exchange for their own benefit and caused the issuance of the Exchange Offer and Solicitation of Consents, which contained materially misleading statements and omissions. The complaint contains counts against BFC for violations of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.
Plaintiffs also allege that Alan Levan and the managing general partners breached the limited partnership agreements, breached fiduciary duties and that BFC and BankAtlantic aided and abetted these alleged breach of fiduciary duties, that Alan Levan, the managing general partners, BFC and BankAtlantic committed fraud in connection with the 1991 Exchange and made certain negligent misrepresentations to the plaintiffs. The complaint seeks damages and prejudgment interest in an unspecified amount, attorneys' fees and costs. The defendants have filed an answer and affirmative defenses to the amended complaint.
On March 