Managing Trustees' and executive officers' business experience and certain other information are set forth following the table.
- ------------------ (1) Member of the nominating committee.
(2) Member of the audit committee.
(3) Member of the compensation committee.
Myles H. Tanenbaum, age 63, is a Managing Trustee and President of the Company and Chairman of Arbor Enterprises, an investment and holding company, and formerly a consultant to Equitable Real Estate, of which the former Advisor to the Partnership is a wholly-owned subsidiary. He was formerly the President of EQK Partners (formerly the Partnership's advisor) from its inception in September 1983 until October 1987 and was Chairman until December 1989. Prior to that time, from 1970 he served as Executive Vice President and the Chairman of the Executive Committee of Kravco, Inc. Mr. Tanenbaum is also managing partner of the Partnership's former special general partner, a general partnership which is the sole shareholder of the Partnership's former managing general partner. Prior to joining Kravco, Inc. in 1970, Mr. Tanenbaum had been a partner in the law firm of Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He is also a certified public accountant. Mr. Tanenbaum is currently a director of Universal Health Realty Trust, a New York Stock Exchange ('NYSE')-listed real estate investment trust which owns hospitals, and of The Pep Boys--Manny, Moe & Jack, Inc., an NYSE-listed company engaged in the retail sale of automotive parts and accessories, and the provision of automotive services.
Sylvan M. Cohen, age 79, has been President and Trustee of Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust, an American Stock Exchange-listed real estate investment trust since its inception in 1960. Mr.
Cohen is also a partner in the Philadelphia law firm of Cohen, Shapiro, Polisher, Shiekman and Cohen. Mr. Cohen is a former director of Fidelity Bank, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and is a director of FPA Corporation, 