for third parties and processes and issues the mortgages it underwrites. These mortgages are sold to investors in accordance with firm purchase commitments with the investors. Mortgages are solicited through four offices in the San Juan area. Mortgage is the fifth largest mortgage banker in Puerto Rico.
Health Care Facilities and Management
Levitt Care Corporation ("Care") develops and manages adult congregate care ("ACLF") and assisted living facilities ("AL"). In 1987, the Company developed Northpark, a 376 unit ACLF in Hollywood, Florida. The facility was sold in 1989, and Care continues to manage it. Care is seeking to acquire existing ACLFs and AL facilities to rehabilitate and market them on a profitable basis and to develop sites for AL complexes.
The facilities provide the resident, on a rental basis, meal service, weekly cleaning of the residents apartment, social activities and scheduled transportation to doctors'
offices, shopping and cultural events. The rental cost of an apartment, is based on the size of the unit and the level of service required by the resident. In addition to the independent level of care in Northpark, an assisted living facility is available to the residents. This facility serves those individuals that require a greater level of care; such as assistance with bathing, dressing and eating.
Management believes that the growing elderly population will increase the need for ACLF and AL facilities. Therefore, Care is seeking opportunities to expand in these areas.
Development Activities
In its development activities, the Company's services, in addition to those of a construction manager or general contractor, may include initial planning and development, acquisition of the property, arranging for financing and ownership of the project typically through general or limited partnerships, and providing management, consulting and related services. The Company anticipates marketing its development projects to investors or other purchasers, base