essed these sums.
I&M also has property damage, decontamination and decommissioning insurance for loss resulting from damage to the Cook Plant facilities in the amount of $2.75 billion. Nuclear insurance pools provide $1.265 billion of coverage and Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited (NEIL) and Energy Insurance Bermuda (EIB) provide the remainder. If NEIL's and EIB's losses exceed their available resources, I&M would be subject to a total retrospective premium assessment of up to $15,327,023. NRC regulations require that, in the event of an accident, whenever the estimated costs of reactor stabilization and site decontamination exceed $100,000,000, the insurance proceeds must be used, first, to return the reactor to, and maintain it in, a safe and stable condition and, second, to decontaminate the reactor and reactor station site in accordance with a plan approved by the NRC. The insurers then would indemnify I&M for property damage up to $2.5 billion less any amounts used for stabilization and decontamination. The remaining $250,000,000, as provided by NEIL (reduced by any stabilization and decontamination expenditures over $2.5 billion), would cover decommissioning costs in excess of funds already collected for decommissioning. See Fuel Supply--Nuclear Waste.
NEIL's extra-expense program provides insurance to cover extra costs resulting from a prolonged accidental outage of a nuclear unit. I&M's policy insures against such increased costs up to approximately $3,500,000 per week (starting 21 weeks after the outage) for one year, $2,350,000 per week for the second and third years, or 80% of those amounts per unit if both units are down for the same reason. If NEIL's losses exceed its available resources, I&M would be subject to a total retrospective premium assessment of up to $8,929,456.
POTENTIAL UNINSURED LOSSES
Some potential losses or liabilities may not be insurable or the amount of insurance carried may not be sufficient to meet potential losses and liabilitie