o shareholders; accordingly, no provision has been made for Federal income taxes.
(c) Income and Expense Recognition Income and expenses are recorded using the accrual method of accounting for financial reporting and tax purposes. Income or loss from real estate partnerships is accounted for according to generally accepted accounting principles using either the cost method or the equity method.
(d) Depreciation and Amortization Real estate investments, excluding land costs, are depreciated using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of 20 to 40 years. Tenant improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or lease terms ranging from 2 to 10 years. Equipment is depreciated over 5, 10 or 20 years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred; major improvements are capitalized.
(e) Statements of Cash Flows For purposes of the statements of cash flows, all short-term investments with a maturity, at date of purchase, of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents.
During 1993, the Trust purchased four industrial properties for $6.8 million. The purchase price consisted of cash and a $6.6 million mortgage loan receivable. Only the cash portion of the purchase price is reflected in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows.
Mortgage loans payable assumed with the acquisition of real estate investments amounted to $.7 million for the year ended November 30, 1993.
Cash interest payments of $5.3 million, $5.5 million and $6.5 million were made for the years ended November 30, 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively.
(f) Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Trust estimated the fair values of its financial instruments at November 30, 1993 using discounted cash flow analysis and quoted market prices. Such financial instruments include short-term investments, U.S. Government securities, mortgage and other loans payable and mortgage notes receivable which were received in connection with transactions