ver the net carrying value of the 9701 Wilshire Building investment property, the Partnership has made, as a matter of prudent accounting practice, a provision at September 30, 1992 for value impairment of 9701 Wilshire Building of $12,504,079. Such provision reduced the net carrying value of the investment property to the then outstanding balance of the related non-recourse mortgage note. The property operated at a slight deficit in 1993 due to the costs incurred in connection with the re-leasing of the vacant space in the building. The mortgage note secured by the property matured on January 1, 1994. The Partnership obtained extensions of this note from the existing lender until August 1, 1994. The Partnership paid the lender $110,000 in extension fees in connection with these extensions. The monthly principal and interest payment, and the interest rate remain the same on the loan as prior to the original maturity date. The unpaid principal and interest matures on August 1, 1994, and thus, the loan has been classified at December 31, 1993 as a current liability in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Partnership is pursuing a sale or alternative financing of the property, however, there is no assurance that the Partnership will be successful in either refinancing or selling the property. The property did not sustain any significant damage as a result of the January 1994 earthquake in southern California.
Due to the factors discussed above and the general lack of buyers of real estate today, it is likely that the Partnership may hold some of its investment properties longer than originally anticipated in order to maximize Partnership's recovery of its investments and any potential return thereon. In light of the current severely depressed real estate markets, it currently appears that the Partnership's goal of capital appreciation will not be achieved. Although some portion of the Limited Partners' original capital is expected to be distributed f