of over one million square feet of office space for its executive headquarters, a computer facility, and a training center. United operates reservation centers in or near eight U.S. cities - Chicago, Denver, Detroit, Honolulu, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, D.C. United also operates 133 city ticket offices in the U.S., plus offices in the Pacific and European countries served by United.
United's Maintenance Operation Center ("MOC") at San Francisco International Airport occupies 144 acres of land, three million square feet of floor space and 12 aircraft hangar docks, under leases expiring in 2013. Virtually all major aircraft and component maintenance for United's fleet occurs at the MOC, including aircraft acceptance and flight testing, and the installation, testing and repairing of engines, electronics, and interior fittings. United also has a major facility at the Oakland, California airport which is dedicated to airframe maintenance and which includes a hangar with sufficient space to accommodate maintenance work on four wide-bodied aircraft simultaneously. As of December 31, 1993, United employed more than 11,970 mechanics, inspectors, engineers, and maintenance support personnel at the MOC and over 1,660 at the Oakland facility. United also has line aircraft maintenance employees and facilities at 36 domestic and 18 international locations.
In March 1994, United opened a new major aircraft maintenance and overhaul facility ("MOC-II") in Indianapolis. Operating under a lease with the Indianapolis Airport Authority which expires November 30, 2031. When all phases of the construction work are completed, as scheduled, in 2004, United will employ 6,300 people at MOC-II, and will occupy approximately 300 acres of land and up to three million square feet of space, including 15 aircraft dock positions. MOC-II will be used for maintenance of Boeing 737 aircraft, engine repair, spare parts storage, ground equipment maintenance, technical support and