procedures. The current members of the Audit Committee, all of whom are Independent Trustees, are Messrs. Schrag (Chairman), Davis and Etnire. The Audit Committee met three times during 1993.
The Trust's Board of Trustees does not have Nominating or Compensation Committees.
The Trust's Board of Trustees has a Related Party Transaction Committee which reviews and makes recommendations to the Board of Trustees with respect to transactions involving the Trust and any other party or parties related to or affiliated with the Trust, any of its Trustees or any of their affiliates, and a Litigation Committee which reviews litigation involving Messrs. Phillips and Friedman. Messrs. Johnston (Chairman), Davis, Etnire, Schrag, Sims and Stokely, all of whom are Independent Trustees, are the members of the Related Party Transaction Committee, while Messrs. Johnston (Chairman), Etnire, Jordan, Schrag, Sims and Stokely comprise the Litigation Committee. During 1993, the Related Party Transaction Committee met six times and the Litigation Committee met six times.
The Litigation Committee has formally requested each of Messrs. Phillips and Friedman to furnish the Advisor's in-house counsel with copies of the complaints filed in all pending litigation in which either is named as a defendant. The Advisor's counsel, in turn, has furnished the Litigation Committee with summaries of the allegations contained in each such complaint as well as summaries of developments in existing and new matters. The Litigation Committee is represented by independent counsel, which counsel periodically reviews certain litigation matters and reports to the Committee thereon.
The Litigation Committee evaluates the nature and quality of the allegations made in any litigations or investigations involving Messrs. Phillips and Friedman in order to assess whether Mr. Friedman should continue to act as a Trustee and to assess whether BCM should continue to act as the advisor to the Trust. The Litigation Committee