il technological limitations on total capacity are approached, additional cellular system capacity can normally be added in increments that closely match demand and at less than the proportionate cost of the initial capacity.
THE COMPANY'S OPERATIONS. The Company is building a substantial presence in selected geographic areas throughout the United States where it can efficiently integrate and manage cellular telephone systems. Its cellular interests include market clusters in the Northern Florida, Eastern Tennessee/Western North Carolina, Eastern North Carolina/Virginia, Maine/New Hampshire/Vermont, West Virginia/Pennsylvania/Maryland, Indiana/Kentucky, Iowa, Wisconsin/Illinois/Minnesota, Oklahoma, Missouri, Southwestern Texas, Texas/Oklahoma, Oregon/California and Washington/Idaho areas. See "The Company's Cellular Interests." The Company has acquired its cellular interests through the wireline application process (22%), including settlements and exchanges with other applicants, and through acquisitions (78%), including acquisitions from TDS and third parties.
Management plans to retain minority interests in certain cellular markets which it believes will earn a favorable return on investment. Other minority interests may be traded for interests in markets which enhance the Company's market clusters or may be sold for cash or other consideration.
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS REGARDING CELLULAR TELEPHONE OPERATIONS
Since its inception in 1983, the Company has principally been in a start-up phase in which its activities have been concentrated significantly on the acquisition of interests in entities licensed or designated to receive a license ("licensees") from the FCC to provide cellular service and on the construction and initial operation of cellular systems. The development of a cellular system is capital-intensive and requires substantial investment prior to and subsequent to initial operation. The Company has experienced operating losses and net losses in all but a f