ew quarters since its inception. The Company may incur operating losses for the next few quarters, and there is no assurance that future operations, individually or in the aggregate, will be profitable.
The licensing (including renewal of licenses), construction, operation, sale, interconnection arrangements and acquisition of cellular systems are regulated by the FCC and various state public utility commissions. Changes in the regulation of cellular operators or their activities and of other mobile service providers (such as the decision by the FCC to permit PCS licensees) could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations. See "Legal Proceedings -- La Star Application" for a discussion of certain FCC proceedings which have suspended the Company's and TDS's licensing authority in a Wisconsin market pending the outcome of an FCC hearing.
The number of population equivalents represented by the Company's cellular interests bears no direct relationship to the number of potential cellular customers or the revenues that may be realized from the operation of the related cellular systems. The fair market value of the Company's cellular interests will ultimately depend on the success of its operations. There is no assurance that the value of cellular interests will not be significantly lower in the future than at present.
While there are numerous cellular systems operating in the United States and other countries, the industry has only a limited operating history. As a result, there is uncertainty regarding its future, including, among other factors: (i) the growth in customers; (ii) the usage and pricing of cellular services; (iii) the percentage of customers who terminate service each month (the "churn rate"); (iv) the cost of providing cellular services, including the cost of attracting new customers; and (v) continuing technological advances which may provide competitive alternatives.
Media reports have suggested that certain radiofrequency ("RF") emission