ndition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, rule, regulation, order or condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the FDIC. Additionally, if insurance termination proceedings are initiated against a savings institution, the FDIC may temporarily suspend insurance on new deposits received by an institution under certain circumstances. The Bank is not aware of any activity or condition which could result in a termination of its deposit insurance.
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK SYSTEM
The Federal Home Loan Bank System consists of 12 regional FHLBs, each subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Housing Finance Board (the "FHFB"). The FHLBs provide a central credit facility for member savings institutions. St. Paul Federal, as a member of the FHLB of Chicago, is required to own shares of capital stock in the FHLB of Chicago in an amount at least equal to 1% of the aggregate principal amount of unpaid residential mortgage loans, home purchase contracts and similar obligations at the beginning of each year, or 1/20 of its advances (borrowings) from the FHLB, whichever is greater. St. Paul Federal is in compliance with this requirement. The maximum amount which the FHLB of Chicago will advance fluctuates from time to time in accordance with changes in policies of the FHFB and the FHLB of Chicago, and the maximum amount generally is reduced by borrowings from any other source. In addition, the amount of FHLB advances that a savings institution may obtain will be restricted in the event the institution fails to constitute a QTL. See "Regulation-- Qualified Thrift Lender Requirement."
FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM
The Federal Reserve Board has adopted regulations that require savings institutions to maintain nonearning reserves of 3% on the first $46.8 million and 10% on the remaining balance of net transaction accounts (primarily checking accounts). St. Paul Federal is in compliance with these requirements. These reserves may be used to satisfy liqui