 and revolving credit agreements. A restriction contained in one series of debt securities maturing August 1, 1996, generally limits payments of cash dividends on Associates Common Stock in any one year to not more than 50% of Associates consolidated net earnings for such year, subject to certain exceptions, plus increases in contributed capital and extraordinary gains. Any such amounts available for the payment of dividends in such fiscal year and not so paid, may be paid in any one or more of the five subsequent fiscal years. In accordance with this provision, at December 31, 1993, $221.9 million was available for dividends. A restriction contained in certain revolving credit agreements requires Associates to maintain a minimum tangible net worth, as defined, of $1.5 billion. At December 31, 1993, Associates tangible net worth was approximately $2.9 billion. A debt agreement of Associates limits the total of all affiliate-related receivables, as defined, to 7% of the aggregate gross receivables owned by Associates. An affiliate within the meaning of affiliate-related receivables includes First Capital, its parent corporation, and any corporation, other than Associates and its subsidiaries, of which First Capital or its parent corporation owns or controls at least 50% of its stock. The net total of all affiliate-related receivables which Associates owned at December 31, 1993 and 1992, amounted to 1.5% and 1.2%, respectively, of its aggregate gross receivables as of those dates.
At December 31, 1993, First Capital had contractually committed bank lines of credit of $75.0 million, and revolving credit facilities of $250.0 million, none of which was in use. During 1993, First Capital raised $209.3 million through public and private offerings of medium- and long-term debt.
The following sets forth liquidity and capital resources for Associates:
Associates endeavors to maximize its liquidity by diversifying its sources of funds, which include: (i) its operations; (ii) t