reas, and decorative columns and other features in a new color scheme. The food court was also renovated.
Management has not yet determined whether to proceed with a previously planned expansion of the Mall that was suspended in 1992 for the lack of financing. The expansion will be accomplished only if its net effect on operations is expected to be positive and, in any event, actual construction would not be expected to commence prior to 1997.
Remerchandising Program. In anticipation of the 1993-1996 lease expirations, the Company has under way a remerchandising campaign, the primary goal of which is to alter the tenant mix to appeal to a broader cross-section of the market while achieving increased revenues. Management estimates that approximately 95% of tenants whose leases expire between 1993 and 1996 are paying below market rents. The Company is negotiating with a group of prominent national retailers that Management believes will further enhance the overall financial stability of the Mall while maintaining the Mall's distinctive character associated with successful local and regional tenants.
Over 50% of the Mall (excluding department stores) is leased to national retailers, including such major chains as The Limited (The Limited, Express, Victoria's Secret, and Bath & Body Works), The Gap, Footlocker, Mothercare, Edison Brothers (5-7-9, Coda, The Wild Pair), Melville (Kay-Bee Toy & Hobby, Fan Club), Waldenbooks and Radio Shack. Several national retailers have expressed interest in both expanding their current divisional presence as well as bringing new divisions into the Mall. By developing a leasing plan that takes advantage of upcoming lease rollovers, the Company expects to accommodate the requests of the larger national retailers, while at the same time meeting the space needs of smaller regional and local tenants. Management believes the remerchandising program will address consumers' needs for a diversified retail mix, thus strengthening the Mall's overa