PERATIONS
Federal Realty Investment Trust
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Federal Realty Investment Trust NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 1993, 1992, and 1991
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Federal Realty Investment Trust invests predominantly in income-producing real estate properties, primarily community and neighborhood shopping centers.
The Trust uses the straight-line method in providing for depreciation. Estimated useful lives range from three to 25 years on apartment buildings and improvements, and from three to 35 years on shopping centers and improvements. Maintenance and repair costs are charged to operations as incurred. Major improvements are capitalized. The gain or loss resulting from the sale of properties is included in net income.
The Trust capitalizes certain costs directly related to the acquisition, improvement and leasing of real estate including applicable salaries and other related costs. The capitalized costs associated with unsuccessful acquisitions are charged to operations when that determination is made. The capitalized costs associated with improvements and leasing are depreciated or amortized over the life of the improvement and lease, respectively.
Costs related to the issuance of debt instruments are capitalized and are amortized over the life of the related issue using the interest method. Upon conversion or in the event of redemption, applicable unamortized costs are charged to shareholders' equity or to operations, respectively.
The Trust operates in a manner intended to enable it to qualify as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"). Under those sections, a trust which distributes at least 95% of its real estate trust taxable income to its shareholders each year and which meets certain other conditions will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. Therefore, no provision for Federal 