 other professional investors represented approximately 11% of Schwab's total commission revenues in 1993, 10% in 1992 and 9% in 1991.
DELIVERY SYSTEMS
Branch Office Network. Schwab believes that the existence of branch offices is important to increasing new account openings and maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction. At December 31, 1993, the Company maintained a network of 198 branches throughout the United States, including a branch office in the United Kingdom. Schwab plans to continue its branch expansion program in 1994 by opening approximately 28 new branches. Customers can use branch offices to obtain market information, place orders, open accounts, deliver and receive checks and securities and obtain related customer services in person, yet most branch activities are conducted by telephone and mail.
Branch offices remain open during normal market hours to service customers in person and by telephone. Many branch offices offer extended office hours. Customer calls received during nonbranch hours are routed to customer telephone service centers.
Customer Telephone Service Centers. Schwab's four customer telephone service centers, located in Indianapolis, Denver, Phoenix and Orlando (which opened in January 1994), handle calls to many of Schwab's toll-free numbers, customer calls that otherwise would have to wait for available registered representatives at branches during business hours, and calls routed from branches after hours and on weekends. Through the service centers, customers may place orders twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, except for certain holidays. Customer orders placed during nonmarket hours are routed to appropriate markets the following business day. The capacity of the service centers allows new branches to be opened and maintained at lower staffing levels. The service centers, the first of which was opened in 1990, have developed into a significant component of Schwab's overall service delivery system and handled 28% of