 North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Wisconsin, and Canada. In addition, the Company owns or leases a large number of other facilities located in approximately 30 states utilized mainly for assembly, warehousing and distribution of Company products.
Most of the Company's major manufacturing plants are owned by the Company or are held under operating leases. Leases expire at various dates through 2010. For additional information regarding lease obligations, reference is made to Note E of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company's machinery, equipment and buildings are maintained in good condition and are suitable for its current operations.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company is a defendant in numerous ordinary, routine workers' compensation, product liability, vehicle accident, employment termination, and other claims and legal proceedings, the resolution of which Management believes will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations of the Company.
The Company is presently party to a small number of proceedings in which a governmental authority is a party and which involve provisions enacted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment. These proceedings deal primarily with waste disposal site remediation. Management believes that potential monetary sanctions, if imposed in any or all of these proceedings, or any capital expenditures or operating expenses attributable to these proceedings, will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations of the Company. The EPA has alleged that two of the Company's facilities in Grafton, Wisconsin violated wastewater pretreatment requirements under the Clean Water Act. No action is pending. The EPA has not requested any specific relief, but has indicated it intends to bring an action. Management believes the cost to resolve this matter will not have a material adv