 reasonable prices. The Company believes that gas supplies available from suppliers in the western United States and Canada are adequate to serve its core market customers for the foreseeable future. Future gas costs, generally, will track prevailing market conditions for supplies of similar reliability.
Peaking Supplies ----------------
During peak demand periods, the Company supplements its firm gas supplies through Company-owned or contracted peaking facilities in which gas can be stored during periods of low demand for redelivery during periods of peak demand. In addition to enabling the Company to meet its peak demand, these facilities make it possible to lower the cost of gas by allowing the Company to reduce its pipeline transportation contract demand and to purchase gas for storage during the summer months when purchase prices are generally at their lowest.
The Company has contracts with NPC for firm storage services from the underground gas storage field at Jackson Prairie and the liquefied natural gas (LNG) facility at Plymouth, Washington which together provide a daily deliverability of 831,380 therms and a total seasonal capacity of 13,082,647 therms through October 2004. In addition, the Company has contracted with NPC for an additional daily deliverability of 94,670 therms and an additional 2,779,970 therms of seasonal capacity from the Jackson Prairie storage field through April 1996.
The Company owns and operates two LNG plants which it uses to liquefy gas during the summer months for redelivery into its system during the peak winter season. These two plants, one located in Portland and the other near Newport, Oregon, provide a maximum daily deliverability of 1,800,000 therms and a total seasonal capacity of 17,000,000 therms. The LNG plants provide a cost-effective winter peaking resource of high reliability and flexibility.
The Company also owns and operates an underground gas storage facility at Mist, Oregon. This facility has a maximum daily deli