nt that the Company is not successful in its defenses or a settlement is not reached, a substantial judgment may be entered against the Company in favor of the plaintiff. The Company at the present time is unable to predict the ultimate outcome of the litigation. Although settlement discussions have commenced, no resolution of the matter has been consummated. Any ultimate settlement will require the Company to obtain financing for payment.
In the action styled JOSEPH MANCILLA, JR. V. THE DELTONA CORPORATION, the plaintiff, Joseph Mancilla, Jr., prior Senior Vice President of the Company, has sued the Company on May 17, 1994 for alleged breach of employment contract seeking damages in excess of $391,000,000 plus unspecified employee benefits, costs and other claims. The proceeding is pending in the Circuit Court of Dade County, Florida, Case No. 94-09116. The Company has filed a responsive pleading and no final hearing has been set. If a settlement is not reached and the Company is not successful in its defenses, a substantial portion of the plaintiff's claim may be entered as a judgment against the Company. The Company at the present time is unable to predict the ultimate outcome. The Company intends to begin settlement discussions with plaintiff. Any settlement funding would require the Company to obtain financing to meet settlement commitment.
In the action styled MICHELLE GARBIS V. THE DELTONA CORPORATION, the plaintiff, Michelle Garbis, prior Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary of the Company, has sued the Company on August 18, 1994 for alleged breach of employment contract seeking damages of approximately $280,000.00. The Company disputes the plaintiff's claim which is pending in the Circuit Court of Dade County, Florida, Case No. 94-15531 CA (11). The Company and plaintiff have reached a resolution and settlement of the claim and have entered into a stipulation requiring installment payments through December 1994. Failure of the Company to obtain fin