evelopment of new and improved products and product systems and the supporting packaging, converting, process control, and paper web process development; chemical, high- yield and recycled pulp processes; and the transmission of the results of these programs among the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates. S. D. Warren conducts research in fiber optimization and paper making, coating and finishing. These programs also support the Company's ongoing efforts to reduce costs and to ensure employee safety, product safety and environmental protection.
EMPLOYEES
As of December 25, 1993, the Company employed approximately 25,900 persons and its unconsolidated affiliates in Canada and Mexico employed approximately 6,600 persons. Of the 15,700 persons employed in the consolidated North American operations, approximately 8,900 are hourly paid employees represented by collective bargaining units affiliated with regional, national or international unions. Of these union employees, approximately 28%, 41% and 31% are members of collective bargaining units whose agreements with the Company expire in
1994, 1997 and 1998, respectively. Of the 10,200 persons employed by the Company's consolidated international subsidiaries, a significant proportion of the manufacturing employees are represented by labor unions.
As noted in "Productivity Improvement Actions" on page 2, the Company intends to reduce the number of persons employed by it and its unconsolidated subsidiaries by approximately 8,300. Of these, 3,800 are employed in the United States, 2,600 are employed by the Company's consolidated international subsidiaries and 1,900 are employed by the Company's Mexican affiliate. See the "Trends" section of the Management's Discussion and Analysis incorporated by reference in Item 7.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
The paper industry is subject to a wide variety of laws relating to the environment in the countries in which the Company operates. The Company believes 