mortgage loans, it is the Trust's general policy to require that the borrower provide a mortgagee's title policy or an acceptable legal opinion of title as to the validity and the priority of the mortgage lien over all other obligations, except liens arising from unpaid property taxes and other exceptions normally allowed by first mortgage lenders in the relevant area. The Trust may grant to other lenders participations in first mortgage loans originated by the Trust.
The Trust did not originate or acquire any first mortgage loans during 1993. The following discussion briefly describes the events that affected previously funded or otherwise acquired first mortgage loans during 1993:
During 1993, the Trust received payment in full, totaling $2.4 million, on three first mortgages.
At December 31, 1993, two of the Trust's first mortgages were classified as nonperforming. One note, with an outstanding principal balance of $943,000, is secured by an apartment complex located in Paris, Texas. The Trust has obtained a judgment against the maker and guarantors for the amount of this mortgage. The Trust does not anticipate incurring a loss in excess of previously established reserves on this note.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
Mortgage Loans (Continued)
Another nonperforming first mortgage note with a carrying value of $856,000 and legal balance of $1.2 million at December 31, 1993 is secured by 55 acres of developed land located near Sacramento, California. The borrower on this note has recently confirmed a plan of reorganization, and has begun making principal payments on the note as parcels are sold. In addition, the note was modified to require monthly interest only payments at 9%, increasing to 24% until maturity in February 1999. The Trust does not anticipate incurring a loss on this note as the estimated value of the property is in excess of the total debt on the property.
As discussed in "Real Estate" above, in March 1993, the Trust recorded the insubstance foreclos