ange in credit risk, fair values are based on the market prices for securities collateralized by similar loans. For certain homogeneous categories of loans, such as some residential fixed rate mortgages, fair value is estimated using the quoted market price for securities backed by similar loans, adjusted for differences in loan characteristics. The fair value of other types of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. For the income property loan portfolio, due to its immateriality, i.e. approximately 2.0% of total assets, management concluded that it was not practicable to estimate its fair value and, accordingly, has valued it at its carrying amount.
. Rhode Island covered assets: Since, relative to these assets, the Association is protected against credit losses, their carrying value is a reasonable estimate of their fair value.
. Accrued interest receivable: The carrying amount of accrued interest approximates its fair value.
. Deposit liabilities: The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts, and certain money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date, that is, the carrying value. Fair values for fixed rate certificates of deposits are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. SFAS 107 defines the fair value of demand deposits as the amount payable on demand, and prohibits adjusting fair value for any value derived from retaining those deposits for an expected future period of time. That component, commonly referred to as a deposit base intangible, is estimated to be between zero and 4.0% of total demand deposits at December 31, 1993 and is neither considered in the following fair value amounts nor recorded as an intangible asset in the balance sheet.
. Federal Home Lo