d also be permitted under the OTS's existing capital distribution regulation.
Limitation on Equity Risk Investments. The Bank is generally prohibited from investing directly in equity securities and real estate (other than that used for offices and related facilities or acquired through, or in lieu of, foreclosure or on which a contract purchaser has defaulted). In addition, existing regulations limit the aggregate investment by savings institutions in certain equity risk investments, including equity securities, real estate, service corporations and operating subsidiaries and loans for the purchase of land and construction loans made after February 27, 1987 on non-residential properties with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 80%. The Bank is in compliance with the requirements of the equity risk investment limitations.
Activities of Subsidiaries. FIRREA requires a savings institution seeking to establish a new subsidiary, acquire control of an existing company (after which it would be a subsidiary), or conduct a new activity through a subsidiary, to provide 30 days' prior notice to the FDIC and the Director of the OTS and conduct any activities of the subsidiary in accordance with regulations and orders of the Director of the OTS. The Director of the OTS has the power to require a savings institution to divest any subsidiary or terminate any activity conducted by a subsidiary that the Director of the OTS determines is a serious threat to the financial safety, soundness or stability of such savings institution or is otherwise inconsistent with sound banking practices.
Insurance of Deposits. Federal deposit insurance is required for all federally chartered savings institutions. Savings institutions' deposits are insured to a maximum of $100,000 for each insured depositor by the SAIF. As a SAIF-insured institution, St. Paul Federal is subject to regulation and supervision by the FDIC, to the extent deemed necessary by the FDIC to ensure the safety and soundness of the SA