ITEM 1. BUSINESS:
GENERAL
Response to this item is incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report to shareholders for fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 on page 8.
REVENUES
Response to this item is incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report to shareholders for fiscal year ended December 31, 1993 on page 8.
CLIENTS
The Registrant and its subsidiaries (the Company) consider their relations with their clients to be satisfactory. Due to the nature of the business, however, any client could at some time in the future reduce its advertising budget, or transfer to another agency all or part of its advertising presently placed through the Company. Representation of a client does not necessarily mean that all advertising for such clients is handled by the Company exclusively. In many cases, the Company handles the advertising of only a portion of a client's products or services or only the advertising in particular geographic areas.
COMPETITION
The advertising agency business is highly competitive, with agencies of all sizes competing primarily on the basis of quality of service to attract and retain clients and personnel. Advertisers are able to move from one agency to another with relative ease, in part because accounts are terminable on short notice, usually90-180 days. Competition for clients by large agencies is limited somewhat because many advertisers prefer not to be represented by an agency which handles competing products or services for other advertisers.
REGULATION
Federal, state and local governments and governmental agencies in recent years have adopted statutes and regulations affecting the advertising activities of advertising agencies and their clients. For example, statutes and regulations have prohibited television advertising for certain products and have regulated the form and content of certain types of advertising for many consumer products. The Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") has also required proof of accuracy of adver