e risk of loss arising from the failure of these entities to perform according to the terms of their respective contracts is considered remote.
C. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Amounts due from (to) related parties at April 30, 1991 were composed of the following (in thousands of dollars):
Due from Nu-Med, Inc. consists primarily of cash advances, transfers of certain assets and income tax obligations. The repayment of this obligation was not expected to commence within 12 months and was to be repaid over a period of years. Therefore, this amount was classified as a long-term receivable at April 30, 1991. In connection with the acquisition of HGA, all due from related parties balances as of May 29, 1992 were forgiven and the balance of $20,595,000 as of that date was eliminated with a corresponding charge to retained earnings.
HOSPITAL GROUP OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED) YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 1991
Included in Other Operating Revenue are management fees charged to other affiliated entities which are under common ownership. Such fees amounted to $3,172,000 for 1991.
D. LONG TERM DEBT
Long-term debt consists of the following:
Scheduled annual maturities of long-term debt as of April 30, 1991 are as follows:
The long-term debt agreements contain several covenants, including the maintenance of certain ratios and levels of net worth (as defined), restrictions with respect to the payments of cash dividends on common stock and on the levels of capital expenditures, interest and debt payments. In addition, the Industrial Revenue Bonds give the holders the right to accelerate all outstanding principal at December 31, 1995 upon notification one year prior to that date.
Substantially all of the property and equipment and accounts receivable of the Company collateralize the debt outstanding.
E. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
The Company participated in the Nu-Med Combined Savings Plan, (the 'Plan'), which covers substantially all full