, Entergy cannot predict the ultimate availability or cost of such arrangements at this time.
AP&L, GSU, LP&L, and System Energy currently have nuclear fuel leasing arrangements that provide that AP&L, GSU, LP&L, and System Energy may lease up to $125 million, $105 million, $95 million, and $105 million of nuclear fuel, respectively. As of December 31, 1993, the unrecovered cost base of AP&L's, GSU's, LP&L's, and System Energy's nuclear fuel leases amounted to approximately $93.6 million, $96.5 million, $61.3 million, and $79.7 million, respectively. Each lessor finances its acquisition and ownership of nuclear fuel under a credit agreement and through the issuance of intermediate-term notes. The credit agreements, which were entered into by AP&L in 1988, by LP&L and System Energy in 1989, and GSU in 1993, had initial terms of five years, with the exception of GSU, which has an initial term of three years. These agreements are subject to annual renewal with, in LP&L's and GSU's case, the consent of the lenders. The credit agreements for AP&L, LP&L, and System Energy have all been extended and now have termination dates of December 1996, January 1997, and February 1997, respectively. The credit agreement for GSU was entered into in December 1993 and has a termination date of December 1996. The intermediate-term notes have varying maturities through January 31, 1999. It is expected that the credit agreements will be extended, or alternative financing will be secured by each lessor, based on the particular lessee's nuclear fuel requirements. If extensions or alternative financing cannot be arranged, the particular lessee must purchase sufficient nuclear fuel to allow the lessor to retire such borrowings.
Natural Gas Purchased for Resale
NOPSI has several suppliers of natural gas for resale. Its system is interconnected with three interstate and three intrastate pipelines. Presently, NOPSI's primary suppliers of natural gas for resale are United, an interstate pipeline,