costs. At several sites, the remedial action to be implemented has not been determined for the site or the Company has been named only recently as a PRP. In addition, the Company presently is contesting any liability at several of these sites. Based upon the Company's prior experiences at similar sites, however, the aggregate future cost of all PRPs to remediate these sites is likely to be significant. While the Company believes that it has good defenses at several of these sites, that its percentage contribution at other sites is likely to be de minimis and that other PRPs will bear most of the future remediation costs, the Company's ultimate responsibility will be based on many factors outside the Company's control and, therefore, could be material in the event that the Company becomes obligated to pay a significant portion of those expenses. Based upon information presently available, the Company believes that such liability is unlikely and that its actual and proportionate costs of participating in the remediation of these sites will not be material.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES ~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~
Cummins' worldwide manufacturing facilities occupy approximately 13 million square feet, including approximately 5 million square feet outside the United States. Principal engine manufacturing facilities in the United States include the Company's plants in Southern Indiana and Jamestown, New York, as well as an engine plant in Rocky Mount, North Carolina, which is operated in partnership with J I Case.
Countries of manufacture outside of the United States include England, Scotland, Brazil, Mexico, France, Spain, Australia and Germany. In addition, engines and engine components are manufactured by joint ventures or independent licensees at plants in China, India, Japan, Pakistan, South Korea and Turkey.
Cummins believes that all of its plants have been maintained adequately, are in good operating condition and are suitable for its current needs through productive utiliz