ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
The following description of business is provided in accordance with General Instruction J.(2)(d).
Associates First Capital Corporation ("First Capital" or the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, is an indirect subsidiary of Ford Motor Company ("Ford"). All the outstanding Common Stock of First Capital is owned by Ford Holdings, Inc. ("Holdings"). First Capital's principal operating subsidiary is Associates Corporation of North America ("Associates"), the second largest independent finance company in the United States as of September 30, 1993. Unless the context otherwise requires, reference to First Capital or Associates includes each parent company and all its subsidiaries.
At December 31, 1993, First Capital had 1,390 branch offices in the United States and employed approximately 12,400 persons. Corporate headquarters are located in Irving, Texas.
First Capital's primary business activities are consumer finance, commercial finance and insurance underwriting. See NOTE 17 to the consolidated financial statements for financial information by business segment.
Consumer Finance
Consumer finance consists of making and investing in residential real estate-secured loans to individuals, making secured and unsecured installment loans to individuals, purchasing consumer retail installment obligations, investing in credit card receivables, financing manufactured housing ("MHO") purchases, and providing other consumer financial services. In addition, First Capital offers insurance to its consumer finance customers.
Loans made to individuals are secured by mortgages on real property, by liens on personal property (the realizable value of which may be less than the amount of the loans secured) or are unsecured. At December 31, 1993, 74% of the gross outstanding balance of residential real estate-secured receivables was secured by first mortgages. At December 31, 1993, the gross consumer finance receivables included credit card receivables ($3.3 billion) owned 