ctual interest rate. The difference between the payment rate and the contractual interest rate is added to the principal and therefore deferred until the maturity date of the note. Upon maturity of the note, the original principal and deferred interest is due and payable in full. Although the contractual interest rates may be higher, effective January 1, 1993, the amount of interest being recognized on the Partnership's outstanding notes receivable to cable television system operators is being limited to the amount of the payments received, thereby deferring the recognition of a portion of the deferred interest until the loan is paid off. During 1992 and 1991, the Partnership had been limiting the amount of interest income to 16% on these notes receivable.
Page 23 of 36
PHOENIX LEASING CASH DISTRIBUTION FUND II
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
DECEMBER 31, 1993
Note 5. Equipment on Operating Leases and Investment in Financing Leases.
Equipment on lease consists primarily of computer peripheral equipment, computer mainframes and reproduction equipment.
The Partnership's operating leases are for initial lease terms of approximately 12 to 48 months. During the remaining terms of existing operating leases, the Partnership will not recover all of the undepreciated cost and related expenses of its rental equipment, and therefore must remarket a portion of its equipment in future years.
The Partnership has agreements with some of the manufacturers of its equipment, whereby such manufacturers will undertake to remarket off-lease equipment on a best-efforts basis. This agreement permits the Partnership to assume the remarketing function directly if certain conditions contained in the agreements are not met. For their remarketing services, the manufacturers are paid a percentage of net monthly rentals.
The Partnership has entered into direct lease arrangements with lessees consisting of Fortune 1000 companies and other businesses in different industries located throu