es credited to his account. Shares in the Named Officers' accounts in the trust are as follows: Mr. Kampouris, 4,453 shares; Mr. Kerckhove, 2,012 shares; Mr. Hinrichs, 1,787 shares; Mr. Allardyce, 1,224 shares; and Mr. Gandini, 1,176 shares. The shares in the trust accounts for all executive officers total 28,620 shares.
Also not included above are 19,198 shares of ASI Holding common stock held in a similar grantor's trust for the account of certain executive officers. These were earned by them under an employee incentive plan prior to their becoming officers.
(d) Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell, each a director of the Company and of Holding, and Messrs. Matelich and Wall may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of shares owned of record by ASI Partners by virtue of their status as general partners of American Standard Partners, the general partner of ASI Partners. Messrs. Schuchert, Nickell, Matelich and Wall share investment and voting power with respect to securities owned by ASI Partners. See "Certain Transactions and Relationships." Dr. Cyert, who was a director of Holding and the Company until December 1993, is a limited partner in one of the Kelso partnerships that has invested in ASI Partners.
(e) Out of such 18,824,900 shares, 18,000,000 shares represent shares of Common Stock owned by ASI Partners in which Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell, each a director of Holding, may be deemed to share beneficial ownership by virtue of their status as general partners of American Standard Partners, the general partner of ASI Partners.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS
Messrs. Schuchert and Nickell, directors of Holding and the Company, are Chairman and President, respectively, of Kelso & Companies, Inc. (the general partner of Kelso & Company, L.P.), and are general partners of American Standard Partners, the general partner of Kelso ASI Partners. Mr. Schuchert is also a member of the Management Development Committee (the compensation committee) of the Comp