g other things: (a) that the allegedly real reason the Company announced on May 26, 1988 that it was dropping a proposed merger with Cooper Development Company, Inc. was because the Company's banks were opposed to the merger; (b) that the proposed sale of Cooper Technicon, Inc., a former subsidiary of the Company, was not pursuant to a definitive sales agreement but merely an option; (c) that such option required the approval of the Company's debentureholders and preferred stockholders; (d) that the approval of such sale by the Company's debentureholders and preferred stockholders would not have been forthcoming absent extraordinary expenditures by the Company; and (e) that the purchase agreement between the Company and Miles, Inc. for the sale of Cooper Technicon, Inc. included substantial penalties to be paid by the Company if the sale was not consummated within certain time limits and that the sale could not be consummated within those time limits. The amended complaints further allege that the defendants are liable for having violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act and Rule 10(b)-5 thereunder and having engaged in common law fraud. Based on management's current knowledge of the facts and circumstances surrounding the events alleged by plaintiffs as giving rise to their claims, the Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to these lawsuits and intends vigorously to defend against the allegations in the amended complaints. The parties have engaged in preliminary settlement negotiations; however, there can be no assurances that these discussions will be successfully concluded.
On September 2, 1993, a patent infringement complaint was filed against the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada captioned Steven P. Shearing v. The Cooper Companies, Inc. On or about that same day, the plaintiff filed twelve additional complaints, accusing at least fourteen other defendants of infringing the same patent. The patent in 