 for the stock splits in 1989 and 1991, the 1993 transactions brought the shares repurchased under the Board authorization to 12,948,100 shares, or 81% of the authorized total, for an aggregate expenditure of $106.6 million since the current repurchase program was initiated in the fourth quarter of 1987. The aggregate shares repurchased represent 21% of the total shares outstanding prior to the Board's authorization. Funds for these repurchases were provided from internal sources.
Consolidated Balance Sheets
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Principles of Consolidation-The consolidated financial statements of The Stride Rite Corporation include the accounts of the Company and all its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions between the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have been eliminated. The Company's investment in an unconsolidated, 49.5% owned affiliate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. Under this method, the Company's share of the affiliate's income or loss is included in the consolidated statement of income. Earnings related to transactions between the affiliate and the Company's consolidated subsidiaries are deferred until merchandise is resold by those subsidiaries.
Certain reclassifications have been made to prior years' consolidated financial statements to conform to the fiscal 1993 presentation.
Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments-Cash equivalents represent highly liquid investments, including repurchase agreements, with a maturit