n respect of any such claim, the Borrower's obligations to such Person under this Section 9.4 shall likewise be without regard to fault on the part of the Borrower with respect to the violation or condition which results in liability of such Person. If and to the extent that the foregoing undertaking may be unenforceable for any reason, the Borrower hereby agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law.
Section 9.5. Right of Set-Off. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Bank is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by the Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or the Note, irrespective of whether or not the Bank shall have made any demand hereunder or under the Note and although such obligation may be unmatured. The rights of the Bank under this Section 9.5 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which the Bank may have. The Bank agrees to notify the Borrower promptly after it exercises any such right of set-off.
Section 9.6. Amendments and Waivers. Any provision of this Agreement or the Note may be amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed by the Borrower and the Bank.
Section 9.7. Successors and Assigns.
(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Bank.
(b) Th