es for which estimates have been made, and no assurance can be given that costs will not be incurred with respect to sites as to which no estimate presently can be made. The imposition of more stringent standards or requirements under environmental laws or regulations, new developments or changes respecting site cleanup costs or allocation of such costs among PRPs, or a determination that the Company is potentially responsible for the release of hazardous substances at other sites could result in expenditures in excess of amounts currently estimated by the Company to be required for such matters. Further, there can be no assurance that additional environmental matters will not arise in the future. More detailed descriptions of certain legal proceedings relating to environmental matters are set forth below.
The Company has been identified as a PRP by the U.S. EPA because of its former ownership of three secondary lead smelters (battery recycling plants) in Pedricktown, New Jersey; Granite City, Illinois; and Portland, Oregon. In all three matters, the Company voluntarily entered into administrative consent orders
- 13 - with the U.S. EPA requiring the performance of a RIFS, a study with the objective of identifying the nature and extent of the hazards, if any, posed by the sites, and selecting a remedial action, if necessary.
At Pedricktown, the U.S. EPA divided the site into two operable units. Operable unit one covers contaminated ground water, surface water, soils and stream sediments. The Company submitted the final RIFS for operable unit one to the U.S. EPA in May 1993. In July 1993, the U.S. EPA issued the proposed remediation plan for operable unit one, which the U.S. EPA estimates will cost approximately $24.5 million. In addition, the U.S. EPA proposed that a removal action be performed on the soils and sediments of a stream at the site, estimated to cost approximately $1.3 million. The U.S. EPA has not yet issued the record of decision. The U.S. EPA issued 