th all permit conditions. The other plants are in compliance with chemical limitations of the permits. The permit conditions would have required the addition of cooling towers at all of the above plants except West Lorain. However, the EPA and Ohio EPA have approved variance requests for the W.H. Sammis, R.E. Burger, Edgewater and Niles plants, eliminating the current need for cooling towers at those plants.
Waste Disposal
As a result of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, and the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976, federal and state hazardous waste regulations have been promulgated. These regulations may result in significantly increased costs to dispose of waste materials. The ultimate effect of these requirements cannot presently be determined.
The Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Resources has issued regulations dealing with the storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of residual waste such as coal ash and scrubber sludge. These regulations impose additional requirements relating to permitting, ground water monitoring, leachate collection systems, closure, liability insurance and operating matters. The Companies are developing and analyzing various compliance options and are currently unable to determine the ultimate increase in capital and operating costs at existing sites.
Summary
Environmental controls are still in the process of development and require, in many instances, balancing the needs for additional quantities of energy in future years and the need to protect the environment. As a result, the Companies cannot now estimate the precise effect of existing and potential regulations and legislation upon any of their existing and proposed facilities and operations or upon their ability to issue additional first mortgage bonds under their respective mortgages. These mortgages contain covenants by the Companies to observe and conform to all valid governmental requirements at the time applicable unless in course of