nment, state or federal agency obligations and other corporate debt obligations and commercial paper) equal to 5% of the sum of the average daily balance during the preceding calendar month of net withdrawable accounts and short-term borrowings payable in one year or less. The liquidity requirement may vary from time to time (between 4% and 10%) depending upon economic conditions and savings flows of all savings institutions. All savings institutions are also required to maintain an average daily balance of short-term liquid assets (generally having maturities of 12 months or less) equal to at least 1% of the average daily balance of net withdrawable accounts and current borrowings. Monetary penalties may be imposed by the OTS for failure to meet liquidity requirements. At December 31, 1993 BankAtlantic was in compliance with all applicable liquidity requirements.
The Federal Reserve System - BankAtlantic is subject to certain regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board (the "FRB"). Pursuant to such regulations, savings institutions are required to maintain non-interest bearing reserves against their transaction accounts (which include deposit accounts that may be accessed by writing checks) and non-personal time deposits. The FRB has authority to adjust reserve percentages and to impose in specified circumstances emergency and supplemental reserves in excess of the percentage limitations otherwise prescribed. The balances maintained to meet the reserve requirements imposed by the FRB may be used to satisfy liquidity requirements which may be imposed by the OTS. In addition, FRB regulations limit the periods within which depository institutions must provide availability for and pay interest on deposits to transaction accounts. Depository institutions are required to disclose their check holding policies and any changes to those policies in writing to customers. BankAtlantic believes that it is in compliance with all such FRB regulations.
Community Reinvestm