ational Group includes several specialized lending functions, the most significant of which are Healthcare, Communications, Transportation, Commercial Leasing and Asset Based lending.
The Corporation's Middle Market customers (approximately 40.3% of outstandings) are generally those in the Maryland marketplace with sales volumes of $5 to $100 million, while the Corporation's Small Business customers (13.0% of outstandings) have sales volumes of less than $5 million. Both Middle Market and Small Business lending activities are directed through the Corporation's regional structure and utilize the Corporation's market presence and branch organization to develop market opportunities. Middle Market and Small Business lending deals with the full range of business organizations and employs other specialized lending groups within the Corporation as needed.
The majority of the Corporation's commercial lending is in the Maryland market, with 65.1% of the Corporation's commercial loans made in the Maryland marketplace.
The Corporation's commercial loan portfolio decreased $122.8 million or 7.0% from December 31,1992 to December 31,1993. General economic uncertainty plagued many of the Corporation's market sectors, and business owners remained cautious. As economic stagnation continued in 1993, the Corporation saw very little capital expansion planned by customers.
In addition to monitoring exposure based on market segment, the Corporation monitors exposure based on industry classifications and establishes exposure limits that are reviewed by the Board of Directors.
Loan Portfolio Distribution by Industry Classification
- -------- (1) Includes exposure to hospitals and nursing care facilities, both commercial loans and real estate loans (2) Includes loans and leases for vessel, commercial aircraft and railroad equipment financing
The loans in the Communications portfolio are to companies and systems located throughout the United States. The Communications Industry group is brok