o distinguish between raw material and work-in-process on a consolidated basis. At December 31, 1993 and 1992, the FIFO value of finished goods, which represented products available for shipment to the Company's customers, approximated $273 and $251, respectively.
Futures Contracts and Interest Rate Swaps: The Company has entered into forward exchange and commodity futures contracts which are accounted for as hedges. The gains or losses on forward exchange contracts are reflected in earnings concurrently with the hedged items while gains or losses on commodity futures contracts are charged or credited to earnings when the contracts are settled.
The Company also has entered into interest rate swap agreements that have the effect of fixing interest rates on certain of the Company's floating rate indebtedness. The net difference to be paid or received on the interest rate swaps is charged or credited to interest expense as interest rates change.
Property, Plant and Equipment: Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Effective January 1, 1991, the Company changed its accounting for depreciation of substantially all engine production equipment to a modified units-of-production method, which is based upon units produced subject to a minimum level. The cumulative effect of this change in accounting was a credit of $26.5 in 1991. Depreciation of all other equipment is computed using the straight- line method for financial reporting purposes. The estimated service lives to compute depreciation range from 20 to 40 years for buildings and 3 to 20 years for machinery, equipment and fixtures. Where appropriate, the Company uses accelerated depreciation methods for tax purposes. Maintenance and repair costs are charged to earnings as incurred.
Technical Investment: Expenditures associated with research and development of new products and major improvements to existing products, as well as engineering expenditures during early production and ongoing efforts to improve e