 LPSC jurisdiction. LP&L responded to the request on August 11, 1993. On August 14, 1993, the LPSC's consultants acknowledged LP&L's rationale for its cost of debt and suggested that certain aspects of LP&L's cost of debt could be taken up in rate proceedings after the expiration of LP&L's rate freeze. On October 7, 1993, the LPSC approved a schedule to conduct a review of LP&L's rates and rate structure upon the expiration of the rate freeze in March 1994.
Council Jurisdiction. Under the Algiers rate settlement entered into with the Council in l989, LP&L was granted rate relief with respect to its Grand Gulf l and Waterford 3-related costs, subject to certain terms and conditions. LP&L was granted an annual rate increase of $9.5 million that was phased-in over the two-year period beginning in July 1989, and was permitted to retain $4.2 million (the Council's jurisdictional portion) of the proceeds of litigation with a gas supplier and to amortize such proceeds plus interest into revenues over the same two-year period. LP&L agreed to absorb and not recover from Algiers retail ratepayers $17 million of fixed costs associated with Grand Gulf l and Waterford 3 incurred prior to the date of the settlement, $5.9 million of its investment in Waterford 3, and 18% of the Algiers portion of LP&L's Grand Gulf l-related costs incurred after the settlement. However, LP&L is allowed to recover 4.6 cents per KWH or the avoided cost, whichever is higher, for the energy related to the permanently absorbed percentage through the fuel adjustment clause, with the permanently absorbed percentage to be available for sale to non-affiliated parties, subject to the Council's right of first refusal. LP&L also agreed to a rate freeze for Algiers customers until July 6, l994, except in the case of catastrophic events, changes in federal tax laws, or changes in LP&L's Grand Gulf l costs resulting from FERC proceedings.
Least Cost Planning. On December l, l992, and July 1, l993, LP&L filed with