 STEINMETZ, Executive Vice President--Commercial Lending of the Association
VICTOR VRIGIAN, Executive Vice President--Marketing and Retail Banking of the Association
The following information concerns the executive officers of the Company:
GEORGE P. RUTLAND (age 61), was elected to the positions of Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in April 1990 in connection with the holding company reorganization. He joined Northeast Savings as Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer in July 1988. He held the positions of President of both Northeast Federal Corp. and Northeast Savings until Mr. Walters was elected to those positions in September 1991. He held the position of Chief Executive Officer until Mr. Walters was elected to that position in November 1993, effective January 1, 1994. Mr. Rutland was President and Chief Executive Officer of Calfed, Inc. in California from 1985 to May 1988. Prior to that, he had served as President and Chief Operating Officer at Calfed, and before that as Executive Vice President. He joined Calfed, Inc. in 1982 from Crocker Bank, where he had served as Senior Executive Vice President. He entered the financial services industry in 1954 at Citibank, where he held a variety of positions, including Executive Vice President of their Advance Mortgage Company and Senior Vice President of Corporate Services.
KIRK W. WALTERS (age 38), was elected Chief Executive Officer in November 1993, effective January 1, 1994 and President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company in September 1991. In connection with the holding company reorganization in April 1990, he was elected Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. He joined Northeast Savings in April 1989 as Executive Vice President and Controller. He was elected Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Northeast Savings in September 1989, and was elected to the position of President and Chief Operat