o five years in duration. Commercial business loans generally have annual maturities and prime-based interest rates. However, commercial business loans generally have a higher degree of credit risk than residential loans because they are more likely to be adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions.
Residential Mortgage Loans - BankAtlantic's branch banking network is largely responsible for a majority of its residential loan originations. BankAtlantic originates fixed rate and adjustable rate mortgage ("ARM") loans with 15 and 30-year amortization periods; however, substantially all of these loans are sold to correspondents. Applicable regulations require that all loans in excess of 90% of appraised value be insured by private mortgage insurance. BankAtlantic's policy is to require private mortgage insurance on all residential loans with a loan to value ratio greater than 80%. In connection with residential loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Veterans Administration, BankAtlantic may lend up to the maximum percentage of the appraised value acceptable to the insuring or guaranteeing agency. Appraised values are determined by on-site inspections conducted by qualified independent appraisers. BankAtlantic does not presently originate a significant amount of residential mortgage loans for its portfolio and follows regulatory and agency guidelines when it originates such loans for sale.
Federal regulations permit savings institutions to originate and purchase mortgage loans secured by one- to-four family residences on which the payment amount, the loan terms, the principal balance or a combination thereof change periodically as a result of changes in interest rates. Pursuant to such regulations, changes in the interest rate must be based on the movement of an index that is beyond the control of the institution and must be agreed to by the institution and the borrower. Under such regulations, "ARMs" must specify the maximum 