ated the Exchange for their own benefit and caused the issuance of the Exchange Offer and Solicitation of Consents, which contained materially misleading statements and omissions. The complaint contains counts against BFC for violations of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.
Plaintiffs also allege that Alan Levan and the managing general partners breached the limited partnership agreements, breached fiduciary duties and that BFC and BankAtlantic aided and abetted these alleged breach of fiduciary duties, that Alan Levan, the managing general partners, BFC and BankAtlantic committed fraud in connection with the 1991 Exchange and made certain negligent misrepresentations to the plaintiffs. The complaint seeks damages and prejudgment interest in an unspecified amount, attorneys' fees and costs. The defendants have filed an answer and affirmative defenses to the amended complaint.
On March 2, 1994, the parties entered into an agreement to settle this action pursuant to which BFC will pay approximately eighty-one percent (81%) of the face amount of the outstanding debentures held by plaintiffs and the debentures will be canceled pursuant to the procedures outlined in the agreement. The settlement is subject to, among other things, court approval. Upon effectiveness, the settlement of this action will be dismissed with prejudice and the parties will exchange releases.
Cheryl and Wayne Hubbell, et al., vs. I.R.E. Advisors Series 26, Corp. et al., in the California Superior Court in Los Angeles, California, Case No. BC049913. This action was filed as a class action during March 1992 on behalf of all purchasers of I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 25, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 26, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 27, I.R.E. Real Estate Growth Fund, Ltd. - Series 28 and I.R.E. Real Estate Income Fund, Ltd. against the managing and individual general partners of the above named partnerships and the officers and directors of those entities. The plai