s from portable cellular telephones might be linked to cancer. The Company has reviewed relevant scientific information and, based on such information, is not aware of any credible evidence linking the usage of portable cellular telephones with cancer. The FCC currently has a rulemaking proceeding pending to update the guidlines and methods it uses for evaluating RF emissions in radio equipment, including cellular telephones. While the proposal would impose more restrictive standards on RF emissions from low-power devices such as portable cellular telphones, it is anticipated that all cellular telephones currently marketed and in use will comply with those standards.
CELLULAR SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT
ACQUISITIONS. During the last three years, the Company has aggressively expanded its size, particularly in markets which share adjacency, through an ongoing acquisition program aimed at strengthening the Company's position in the cellular industry. This growth has resulted primarily from acquisitions of interests in RSAs and has been based on obtaining interests with rights to manage the underlying market.
Including transfers of RSA interests from TDS, the Company has nearly tripled its population equivalents from approximately 8.0 million at December 31, 1988, to approximately 23.7 million at December 31, 1993. Similarly, markets managed or to be managed by the Company have increased from 33 markets at December 31, 1988, to 144 markets at December 31, 1993. As of December 31, 1993, almost 86% of the Company's population equivalents represented interests in markets the Company manages or expects to manage, compared to 62% at December 31, 1988.
The Company seeks and is currently negotiating for the acquisition of additional cellular interests and plans to acquire significant additional cellular interests in markets that complement its developing market clusters and in other attractive markets. The Company also seeks to acquire minority interests in markets where it already ow