 Residential markets were up 15%, as a result of an unusually hot summer in the northern United States and a 7% increase in housing starts. Sales of residential products increased by 18% year over year, principally because of higher volumes driven by the improved market, increased furnace sales in the replacement market, and a shift in the market to more efficient products, offset partly by the continuation from 1992 of price degradation due to competitive pressures. Commercial markets for unitary products were up 9% overall from the 1992 markets, as the commercial replacement market strengthened further. New-construction activity continued to struggle, however. Sales of commercial unitary products increased by 10% overall, primarily as a result of higher volume (driven by the strong replacement market for both light and large commercial products); a shift to higher-priced, higher-tonnage products; and a gain in market share for light commercial products due to the success of the large Voyager products (packaged rooftop air conditioners). As a result of these factors, together with product cost improvements, improved labor productivity, and the benefits of organizational restructuring which reduced the salaried workforce in 1992, the operating income for Unitary Products in 1993 increased by 43% year over year. This improvement was achieved even though 1993 included the initial start-up costs of the new national distribution center in St. Louis, Missouri, and higher advertising costs.
Unitary Products' sales increased through the success of new and redesigned products introduced recently and improved distribution channels. Commercial products that were introduced included the 20-to-25-ton Voyager products in 1992, which more than doubled market share in that size range; commercial microprocessor-controlled products; a line of convertible air handlers; and rooftop and air cooled chiller products using more efficient scroll compressors. Residential products introduced