a Deliverability", presented below.
SUPPLY AREA DELIVERABILITY
Shippers on ANR Pipeline have direct access to the two most prolific gas supply areas in the United States, the Gulf Coast and Midcontinent. Statistics published by the Energy Information Agency, Office of Oil and Gas, U.S. Department of Energy, indicate that approximately 82% of all natural gas in the lower 48 states is produced from these two supply areas. Interconnecting pipelines provide shippers with access to all other major gas supply areas in the United States and Canada.
Gas deliverability available to shippers on ANR Pipeline's system from the Midcontinent and Gulf Coast supply areas through direct connections and interconnecting pipelines and gatherers is approximately 3,800 MMcf per day. An additional 275 MMcf per day of deliverability is accessible to shippers on ANR Pipeline owned, or partially owned, pipeline segments not directly connected to an ANR Pipeline mainline.
ANR Pipeline remains active in locating and connecting new gas supply sources to facilitate transportation arrangements made by third party shippers. During 1993, field development, newly connected supply sources and pipeline interconnections contributed 515 MMcf per day to total deliverability accessible to shippers on ANR Pipeline.
COLORADO
Colorado has reported in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1993 the current and future availability of Colorado's gas system reserves based on information prepared by Huddleston, the Company's independent engineers. Colorado, even with the restructuring under Order 636, continues to dedicate certain of its reserves pursuant to contract. Additional information is set forth in "Reserves Dedicated to a Particular Customer," presented below.
RESERVES DEDICATED TO A PARTICULAR CUSTOMER
Colorado is committed to provide gas to Mesa Operating Company, formerly Mesa Operating Limited Partnership ("Mesa"), a customer, from specific owned gas reserves in the West Panhandle Field of Tex