93.
As of August 1, 1993, there were options to purchase an aggregate of 1,102,500 shares of common stock granted to, and not subsequently forfeited by, optionholders at exercise prices ranging from $.69 to $4.25 per share. The Company offered each employee who held options granted under the LTIP an opportunity to exchange those options for a smaller number of substitute options. Each new option is exercisable at $.56 per share. The number of shares each employee was entitled to purchase pursuant to such option was computed by the Company's independent nationally recognized compensation consulting firm using an option exchange ratio derived under the Black-Scholes option pricing model which takes into account the number of shares which could be acquired pursuant to outstanding options, the exercise price of the options, the current market of the Company's common stock and the option expiration date. Each person who elected to participate received an option to purchase an individually calculated percentage of the shares covered by his outstanding option, ranging from 21% to 70% of the shares such person was entitled to purchase. A percentage of the new option, equal to the percentage of the outstanding option that was already exercisable, was immediately exercisable. The remainder of the new option will vest and become exercisable in 25% tranches if and when the trading
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
price of the Company's common stock over 30 days averages, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 and $2.50 per share, respectively. The option exchange program provided optionholders the opportunity to exchange options with exercise prices well in excess of the current market price of the Company's common stock with a lesser number of options that are exercisable at a price that, while still above current market price, is lower than the exercise price on the surrendered options. Under the terms of the option exchange o