a one-level and two-level T-shaped enclosed regional shopping mall, which together with 14 free-standing outparcel buildings and a convenience center known as the Plaza at Green Acres, is located on a site of approximately 100 acres. Adjacent to the Mall parking area are parcels owned by unaffiliated parties consisting of soon-to-be opened Home Depot and Caldor stores which are not part of the Property and in which the Company has not acquired any interest.
The total building area of the Property is allocated as shown in the table below.
- ------------------ (a) The improvements constituting the Sears department and auto accessory stores (aggregating 144,537 gross leasable square feet) are owned by Sears pursuant to ground leases of the land underlying such improvements. The Company has acquired title to such land, but will not acquire title to such improvements until such ground leases have terminated. Gross leasable area information contained herein includes the gross leasable area of such improvements.
(b) Anchor tenant square footage includes approximately 51,421 square feet of separately leased storage space.
(c) Includes stores leased to Kids 'R' Us, The Wiz, Red Lobster and Home Federal Savings Bank, among others. Does not include five outparcel buildings which are owned by the respective tenants subject to ground leases from the Company of the land underlying such stores.
The Company is a lessee in a long-term lease for a ten-acre site adjacent to the Property on which there is situated a 170,000 square foot retail facility. The lease provides for an initial term of 30 years with three six-year option terms for a total term of up to 48 years. This building was converted in 1991 into the Plaza, a convenience center which initially contained a supermarket (Waldbaum, Inc., a division of The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company, Inc.), a home improvement center (Pergament Home Improvement Center) and several small retail shops. In January 1993, the Company ter