l SFO assessed upfront penalties of $247,000 and penalties of $500 per day until compliance is demonstrated. The SFO requires demonstrated compliance by December 1993 and a historical evaluation of the facility's PSD status. The company has submitted a plant site PSD review to the state and is awaiting its review.
In August 1992, the EPA issued an administrative complaint for the assessment of $215,000 in civil penalties against the company's Longview, Washington facility. The penalties are based upon alleged violations of the record keeping and storage provisions of the polychlorinated biphenyls rules contained in the TSCA. The company and the EPA settled the complaint for a maximum penalty of $118,150, 50% of which was paid when the settlement was signed. Payment of the remaining 50% was deferred and will be eliminated based on the expenditure of more than $118,150 by the company to dispose of PCB contaminated transformers at Longview during 1993.
On November 2, 1992, an action was filed against the company in the Circuit Court for the First Judicial District of Hinds County, Mississippi on behalf of a purported class of riparian property owners in Mississippi and Alabama whose properties are located on the Tennessee Tombigbee Waterway, Aliceville Lake, Cedar Creek and the Magoway Creek. The complaint seeks $1 billion in compensatory and punitive damages for diminution in property value, personal injuries and mental anguish allegedly resulting from the discharge of purported hazardous substances, including dioxins and furans, by the company's pulp and paper mill in Columbus, Mississippi and the alleged fraudulent concealments of such discharge. The complaint also seeks an injunction prohibiting future releases and the removal of hazardous substances allegedly released in the past. On August 20, 1993, a companion action was filed in Green County, Alabama on behalf of a similar purported class of riparian owners with essentially the same claims as the Mississippi ca