 obligated with respect to 1,000 improved lots at St. Augustine Shores in the amount of approximately $6,200,000. The Company intends to submit an alternative assurance program for the completion of such development and improvements to the County for its approval.
On September 30, 1988, the Company entered into an agreement with Citrus County, Florida to establish the procedure for transferring final maintenance responsibilities for roads in the Company's Citrus Springs subdivision to Citrus County. The agreement obligated the Company to complete certain remedial work on previously completed improvements within the Citrus Springs subdivision by June 1, 1991. The Company was unable to complete this work by the specified date and is negotiating with Citrus County for the transfer of final maintenance responsibility for the roads to the County.
Following the consummation of the Sixth Restatement, the Company conveyed certain properties to the landlord in satisfaction of its outstanding lease obligations for its executive office building in Miami, Florida. The Company also entered into a modification of its lease agreement, providing for a reduction of its rental expenses through June 30, 1994, at which time the Company would have the option of acquiring the leased premises or reinstating the lease according to its original terms. Should the landlord sell the leased premises to a third party at any time that the lease, or any modification thereof, is in effect, then the lease with the Company would be cancelled. In December, 1993, the landlord filed suit against the Company alleging that the Company defaulted in its obligation to make rental payments under the lease and seeking to accelerate lease payments. See "Business: Recent Developments" and "Legal Proceedings".
The Company had placed certain properties in trust to meet its refund obligations to customers affected by the 1976 denial by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers of permits to complete the development of the C