environmentally driven projects in the North American refining market.
Steam Turbine, Motor and Generator Division capitalized on the expansion of the power generation market in the pulp and paper industry through several major orders for turbine generators. The Electric Machinery operation also benefitted from higher demand by utilities, municipal projects, and offshore turbine activity. The petrochemical and refining markets were the major source of Steam Turbine business in the European markets. The worldwide petrochemical/refining markets require steam turbines to drive pumps and compressors, and provide a solid booking base in the future.
We continue to register our worldwide manufacturing facilities under the ISO 9000 series, including those in the U.S. We received ISO registration at our Wellsville, New York, Steam Turbine facility in late 1992. All of our major units should achieve registration in 1993.
Selective partnering and the practical application of employee quality training remain key parts of Dresser-Rand's focus of providing total customer satisfaction by being the best in product design, manufacture, and customer service.
------------------------------------- Ben R. Stuart President and Chief Executive Officer November, 1992
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Partners and Management Committee of Dresser-Rand Company
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, partners' equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Dresser-Rand Company (a Dresser Industries, Inc. and Ingersoll-Rand Company partnership) and its subsidiaries at September 30, 1992 and 1991, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 1992, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibi