Borrower shall, upon its receipt of such statement, pay an amount equal to such excess to the Bank. This charge shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedy the Bank may have and is in addition to any reasonable fees and charges of any agents or attorneys which the Bank is entitled to employ on any default hereunder, whether authorized herein, or by law.
Section 2.8. Non-Usage Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Bank on the fifteenth day of January, April, July and October of each year, commencing April 15, 1994, a non-usage fee equal to 0.25% per annum of the average daily Available Amount during the preceding calendar quarter.
Section 2.9. General Provisions as to Payments. The Borrower shall make each payment of principal of and interest on the Advances (and each payment of a non-usage fee or late charge) not later than 11:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) on the date when due, in federal or other immediately available funds, to the Bank at the Bank's address specified in Section 9.1. Whenever any payment of principal of or interest on the Advances (or any payment of a non-usage fee or late charge) is due on a day which is not a Business Day, the date for payment thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If the date for any payment of principal of the Advances (or the date for any payment of a non-usage fee or late charge) is extended by operation of law or otherwise, interest thereon shall be payable for such extended time.
Section 2.10. Extension of the Line of Credit Period. The Bank shall review the Line of Credit Commitment on or before January 1 of each year, commencing January 1, 1995, and may, in its sole and absolute discretion, extend the Line of Credit Period from time to time for an additional one year period. The Bank shall have the unconditional right not to extend the
Line of Credit Period, notwithstanding that no Event of Default exists. The Bank shall notify the Borrower on or before January 1 of each year, commencing Ja