d in each of the Company's target markets. Key industrial and research applications which are available include structural analysis, computational fluid dynamics, graphics and leading applications for the petroleum, electronics and chemistry markets.
To aid communication between computer systems, Convex offers connectivity to almost every industry-standard network interface. The Convex Network File System allows users to share a common base of files across different systems. In addition, Convex supports X Windows, a network-based window system which provides users access to a wide array of computing resources and the ability to execute multiple applications simultaneously.
In March of 1994, Convex introduced the Exemplar product line, a new family of computer systems. The software elements of this new product family include a new operating system that incorporates components from several sources. The integration and performance tuning of these components is critical to the overall success of the product. These efforts will continue throughout 1994 as the development efforts for the top-end of the product line are completed. While the Company believes that these efforts will be successful, there can be no assurance that overall performance of the new operating system will reach satisfactory levels as a result of these efforts. Market acceptance of this product family is also highly dependent on third party software vendors porting their applications to the product. While the Company is working with a number of vendors to accomplish this result, there can be no assurance that the third party vendors will undertake the necessary efforts, or that the porting efforts will yield competitive software applications on the Company's new product.
SALES AND DISTRIBUTION
Convex sells directly to end-users in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, The Netherlands, Switzerland, Denmark, Sweden, Greece, Norway, Finland, Belgium, Japan, Australia, Sin