es pursuant to which the EPA has agreed to assess a civil penalty of $125,000. The Partnership is actively pursuing indemnification from Disney for the total costs that will ultimately be incurred to resolve this issue. There can be no assurance that the Partnership will be reimbursed by Disney.
On October 13, 1993, a lawsuit captioned Berry v. Merril (sic) Lynch, Pierce Fenner & Smith, J&B Arvida Limited Partnership (sic) and Does 1 through 100, was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County of San Diego, Case No. 669709. The lawsuit was purportedly filed as a class action on behalf of the named plaintiffs and all other persons or entities in the State of California who bought or acquired, directly or indirectly, limited partnership interests ("Interests") in the Partnership from September 1, 1987 through the present. The complaint in the action alleges, among other things, that the defendants made misrepresentations and concealed various facts, breached fiduciary duties, and violated the covenant of good faith in connection with the sale of Interests in the Partnership. The complaint further alleges that such conduct violated California state law
ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P. (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED VENTURES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
relating to fraud, breach of fiduciary duty, willful suppression of facts, and breach of the covenant of good faith. Plaintiffs, on behalf of themselves and the purported plaintiff class, seek unspecified compensatory damages, consequential damages, punitive and exemplary damages, interest, costs of the suit, and such other relief as the court may order. The Partnership believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself.
In addition, the Partnership has been advised by Merrill Lynch that Merrill Lynch has been named a defendant in actions pending in the Eleventh and Seventeenth Judicial Circuit Courts in Dade and Broward Countie