vacant seat including fuel, meals, certain incremental personnel and ticketing costs. The incremental costs do not include any contribution to overhead or profit. Awards earned after July 1989 have an expiration date three years from date earned. The program also contains certain restrictive provisions, including blackout dates and capacity controlled bookings, which substantially limit the use of the awards on certain flights.
In 1993 United announced that the mileage levels for Mileage Plus domestic award travel would be increased on a prospective basis. As revised in January 1994, the Mileage Plus rules will require 25,000 miles, instead of the 20,000 miles now required, for award tickets issued for economy class travel within the continental United States. Other mileage award level changes were also announced, as was a change to a bank-account type of system to track mileage; all changes are scheduled to take effect February 1, 1995.
Lawsuits challenging these changes and changes to American Airlines' frequent flyer program are pending in Illinois. While United believes that it has the right to make the aforementioned changes to its program, and is defending itself vigorously in the pending litigation, an adverse court decision could restrict United's ability to alter award levels now or in the future.
At December 31, 1993 and 1992, United estimated that the total number of outstanding awards was approximately 7.7 million and 7.4 million, respectively. United estimated that 5.8 million and 5.5 million, respectively, of such awards could be expected to be redeemed and, accordingly, had recorded a liability amounting to $205 million and $207 million, respectively, at December 31, 1993 and 1992. The difference between the awards expected to be redeemed and the total awards outstanding is the estimate, based on historical data, of awards (1) which will never be redeemed, (2) which will be redeemed for other than free trips, or (3) which will be redeemed on partner c