scrow Agent has received express written direction concerning investment or other handling, the parties hereto agree that the Escrow Agent shall be under no duty to invest or reinvest any deposits at any time held by it hereunder; and, further, that Escrow Agent may commingle such deposits with other deposits or with its own funds in the manner provided for the administration of funds under Section 2-8 of the Corporate Fiduciary Act (Ill. Rev. Stat. 1989, Ch 17, Par. 1552-8) and may use any part or all such funds for its own benefit without obligation of any party for interest or earnings derived thereby, if any. Provided, however, nothing herein shall diminish Escrow Agent's obligation to apply the full amount of the deposits in accordance with the terms of these escrow trust instructions. In the event the Escrow Agent is requested to invest deposits hereunder, Escrow Agent is not to be held responsible for any loss of principal or interest which may be incurred as a result of making the investments or redeeming said investment for the purposes of these escrow trust instructions.
8. Provisions Regarding Escrow Agent. (a) Escrow Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities other than those expressly set forth herein. Escrow Agent shall have no duty to enforce any obligation of any person to make any delivery or to enforce any obligation of any person to perform any other act. Escrow Agent shall be under no liability to the other parties hereto or to anyone else by reason of any failure on the part of any party hereto or any maker, guarantor, endorser or other signatory of any document or any other person to perform such person's obligations under any such document. Except for amendments to this Agreement hereinafter referred to and except for joint instructions given to Escrow Agent by Borrower and Lender relating to the Transfer Documents, Escrow Agent shall not be obligated to recognize any agreement between any or all of the persons referred to herein.
(b) In i