customer while on the telephone. A written confirmation is generated automatically and is generally sent to the customer on the next business day. Under normal circumstances, most customer orders are executed without any Schwab employee filling out a single piece of paper.
To support its service delivery system, as well as other applications such as clearing functions, account administration, record keeping and direct customer access to investment information, Schwab maintains a sophisticated computer network connecting all of the branch offices. Schwab's computers are also linked to the major registered United States securities exchanges, M&S, the National Securities Clearing Corporation and The Depository Trust Company.
In 1979, Schwab obtained from Beta Systems, Inc. a non-exclusive license to use its basic software for executing brokerage functions. Since that time, Schwab has made substantial additions and modifications to that program. Schwab's computer systems also support on-line employee training, management information systems, software development activities and telecommunication network control functions.
During periods of exceptionally high trading volume, the Company takes steps to provide customer service functions with maximum processing capacity. These steps include rescheduling processing jobs unrelated to customer trading functions and restricting on-line access to the Company's mainframe computer functions. The Company's computer capacity is continuously monitored and efforts are made to achieve an optimal balance between the costs of additional processing capacity and the customer service benefits it provides during high-volume periods.
Schwab's operations rely heavily on its information processing and communications systems. External events, such as an earthquake or power failure, loss of external information feeds, such as security price information, as well as internal malfunctions, could render part of or all such systems inoperative. To enh