ctively.
6. REGULATORY INVESTIGATIONS:
The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) has issued an Order Instituting Investigation of the regulation of cellular radiotelephone utilities operating in the State of California under Order Number I.88-11-040. The intent of the investigation was to determine the appropriate regulatory objectives for the cellular industry, and whether current regulations applicable to the cellular industry and its operators meet those objectives or should be modified.
On October 6, 1992, the CPUC adopted an Order which, among other things, imposes an accounting methodology on cellular utilities to separate wholesale and retail costs, permits resellers to operate a reseller switch interconnected to the cellular carrier's facilities, and requires the unbundling of certain wholesale rates to the resellers. On May 19, 1993, the CPUC granted limited rehearing of the decision. In addition, the CPUC rescinded its order to modify the method for allocating costs between wholesale and retail operations.
On December 17, 1993, the CPUC adopted a new Order Instituting Investigation into the regulation of mobile telephone service and wireless communications, Order Number I.93-12-007. The investigation proposes a regulatory program which would encompass all forms of mobile telephone service. Currently, one of the Partnerships affected is unable to quantify the precise impact of these Orders on its future operations, but that impact may be material to the Partnership under certain circumstances.
In January 1992, the CPUC commenced a separate investigation of all cellular companies operating in the State to determine their compliance with General Order number 159 (G.O. 159). The investigation will address whether cellular utilities have complied with local, state or federal regulations governing the approval and construction of cellular sites in the State. The CPUC may advise other agencies of violations in their jurisdictions.
One of the Partnerships 