logical harm to the plaintiffs. In each of these actions the Company is one of several defendants, including the Foam Division's successor and the manufacturers of the implants. The Company believes that only a small percentage of breast implants were covered by polyurethane foam manufactured by the Company's Foam Division prior to its sale. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses against these claims and intends to conduct a vigorous defense and to seek insurance recovery to the extent provided under its insurance policies, if necessary.
In June 1990 S. D. Warren Company filed a request for an evidentiary hearing with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) challenging EPA's modification of the NPDES permit for the Skowhegan, Maine mill. In January 1994 EPA reissued the permit with additional limitations and the Company again filed a request for an evidentiary hearing. The modifications being challenged include limitations on the discharge of dioxin and absorbable organic halogens (AOX) and related monitoring requirements, as well as limitations on the discharge of conventional pollutants. See "Environmental Matters" on page 8.
In October 1992 S. D. Warren Company filed a request for an evidentiary hearing with EPA challenging EPA's modification of the NPDES permit for the Westbrook, Maine mill. The modifications being challenged include limitations on water temperature and the discharge of dioxin. While Warren's request has been granted, no hearing has been scheduled. See "Environmental Matters" on page 8.
The Company is involved in a number of administrative and judicial proceedings under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) and comparable state laws. Most of these proceedings involve the cleanup of hazardous substances at commercial landfills which receive waste from many different sources. While joint and several liability is authorized under CERCLA, as a practical matter, liability for CERCLA cleanup