ent of the Coto de Caza Community. As a result, the venture partner has funded the venture's cash deficits in their entirety since June 1, 1992. As an alternative to funding future capital requirements, the Partnership and its joint venture partner agreed to amend the joint venture agreement and reallocate ownership interests. In exchange for funding the venture's future operating needs, the venture partner was reallocated an additional 30% interest in the venture, and assumed the role of managing general partner. As such, the venture partner has control over the future operations of the Community, including the timing and extent of its development. The Partnership retains a 20% limited partnership interest and is entitled to receive distributions from net cash flow, after repayment of third party loans and advances made by the venture partners, up to an amount agreed upon by the Partnership and its joint venture partner. Certain specified costs and liabilities incurred prior to the reallocation will continue to be shared equally by the Partnership and its joint venture partner. This agreement was pursued as a more favorable alternative to the provisions included in the previously existing joint venture agreement for reallocation of partnership interests should both partners not advance equal funds to the venture. As a result of the Partnership's decrease in its ownership interest, and its joint venture partner's control over the future operations of the Community, commencing on September 15, 1992, the Partnership accounts for its share of the operations of the Coto de Caza joint venture in accordance with the cost method of accounting.
ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P. (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED VENTURES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
During 1992 the Partnership sold 60% of its interest in two land parcels located in its Weston Community to unaffiliated third-party purchasers. Subsequent to these transactions, the Partnership and the p