e provisions of the Code have not been interpreted by the courts or the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
No ruling has been or will be requested from the IRS with respect to any matter affecting the Trust or Holders, and thus no assurance can be provided that the statements set forth herein (which do not bind the IRS or the courts) will not be challenged by the IRS or will be sustained by a court if so challenged.
TREATMENT OF DEPOSITARY UNITS
A purchaser of a Depositary Unit will be treated, for Federal income tax purposes, as purchasing directly an interest in the Treasury Obligations and a Trust Unit. A purchaser will therefore be required to allocate the purchase price of his Depositary Unit between the interest in the Treasury Obligations and the Trust Unit in the proportion that the fair market value of each bears to the fair market value of the Depositary Unit. Information regarding purchase price allocations will be furnished to Holders by the Trustee.
CLASSIFICATION AND TAXATION OF THE TRUST
The Trust will be taxable as a grantor trust and not as an association taxable as a corporation. As a grantor trust, the Trust will not be subject to tax. For tax purposes, Holders will be considered to own and receive the Trust's income and principal as though no trust were in existence. The Trust will file an information return, reporting all items of income, credit or deduction which must be included in the tax returns of Holders. If the Trust were determined to be an association taxable as a corporation, it would be treated as a separate entity subject to corporate tax on its taxable income, Holders would be treated as shareholders, and distributions to Holders from the Trust would be treated as nondeductible corporate distributions. Such distributions would be taxable to a Holder, first, as dividends to the extent of the Holder's pro rata share of the Trust's earnings and profits, then as a tax-free return of capital to the extent of his basis in his Trust Units, an