, 1993 have been prepared in accordance with the French legislation and are in conformity with generally accepted international accounting principles.
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company's wholly owned and majority owned domestic and international subsidiaries. The subsidiary companies with less than 50% ownership are consolidated on an equity basis.
The company translates the financial statements of its international subsidiaries into French Francs using official exchange rates as of December 31.
II. SUMMARY OF MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES.
Companies Consolidated:
No material changes are noted in the scope of the consolidation as compared to last year. The FCA! Group accounts will only be consolidated within Publicis Communication as at January 1st 1994.
General:
The accounting policies used as at December 31, 1993 are identical to those used in preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Publicis Group.
Tangible and Intangible Assets:
Tangible assets are valued at cost and the depreciation is calculated according to the most suitable method in order to take into account the economical criteria. Listed below are the methods most currently used within the Publicis Communication Group:
Building : 20 years straightline Leasehold property and improvements : 10 years straightline Furniture and Equipment : 5-10 years straightline Motor Vehicles : 4 years straightline
Premiums paid to acquire marketable leasehold property and the cost of acquired goodwill are not amortized except in cases where the estimated market value is considered to be inferior to the acquisition cost. To comply with the regulation, goodwill generated through the legal reevaluation of 1976 have been fully written off against net equity 1993.
Goodwill:
The excess costs over the net book value of subsidiaries, after reallocating potential capital gains to the assets concerned, by their nature, are considered to be intangible assets, justified by elements su