sponse to concerns regarding the soundness of the thrift industry, brought about a significant regulatory restructuring, limited savings institutions' business activities and increased savings institutions' regulatory capital requirements. FIRREA abolished the FHLB Board and the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation ("FSLIC") and established the OTS as the primary federal regulator for savings institutions. Deposits at BankAtlantic are insured through the SAIF, a separate fund managed by the FDIC for institutions whose deposits were formerly insured by the FSLIC. Regulatory functions relating to deposit insurance are generally exercised by the FDIC.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 - FDICIA authorizes the regulators to take prompt corrective action to solve the problems of critically undercapitalized institutions. As a result, banking regulators are required to take certain supervisory actions against undercapitalized institutions, the severity of which increases as an institution's level of capitalization decreases. Pursuant to FDICIA, federal banking agencies have established the levels at which an insured institution is considered to be "well capitalized," "adequately capitalized," "undercapitalized," "significantly undercapitalized" or "critically undercapitalized." See "Savings Institution Regulations--Prompt Regulatory Action" below for a discussion of the applicable capital levels. Based upon these established capital levels, BankAtlantic meets the definition of a "well capitalized" institution.
FDICIA requires federal banking agencies to revise their risk-based capital requirements to include components for interest rate risk, concentration of credit risk and the risk of non-traditional activities. See "Savings Institution Regulations--Regulatory Capital" below for a discussion of the interest rate risk component in the risk-based capital requirement effective June 30, 1994.
In addition, FDICIA requires each federal 