,000 was as follows:
(a) APS has no paid employees. All salaries and bonuses are paid by APSC.
(b) Bonus amounts are determined and paid in April of the year in which the figure appears and are based upon performance in the prior year.
(c) Amounts constituting less than 10% of the total annual salary and bonus are not disclosed. All officers did receive miscellaneous other items amounting to less than 10% of total annual salary and bonus.
(d) Effective January 1, 1992, the basic group life insurance provided employees was reduced from two times salary during employment, which reduced to one times salary after 5 years in retirement, to a new plan which provides one times salary until retirement and $25,000 thereafter. Executive officers and other senior managers remain under the prior plan. In order to pay for this insurance for these executives, during 1992 insurance was purchased on the lives of each of them. Effective January 1, 1993, APS started to provide funds to pay for the future benefits due under the supplemental retirement plan (Secured Benefit Plan) as described in note (a) on p. 53. To do this, APS purchased, during 1993, life insurance on the lives of the covered executives. The premium costs of both the 1992 and 1993 policies plus a factor for the use of the money are returned to APS at the earlier of (a) death of the insured or (b) the later of age 65 or 10 years from the date of the policy's inception. The figures in this column include the present value of the executives' cash value at retirement attributable to the current year's premium payment for both the Executive Life Insurance and Secured Benefit Plans (based upon the premium, future valued to retirement, using the policy internal rate of return minus the corporation's premium payment), as well as the premium paid for the basic Group Life Insurance program plan and the contribution for the 401(k) plan. For 1993, the figure shown includes amounts representing (a) the aggregate of life insuranc