 rule, take- off and landing rights ("slots") required for the conduct of domestic flight operations may be bought, sold or traded. As of December 31, 1993, United held 753 domestic air carrier slots at O'Hare, 43 at National, 65 at LaGuardia and 11 at Kennedy. In addition, Air Wisconsin, Inc. held (or owned the beneficial interest in) 38 air carrier slots and 118 commuter slots at O'Hare which are either operated by United or leased to United Express carriers serving O'Hare. Under the high density rule carriers are required to relinquish slots to the FAA for reallocation if they fail to meet certain minimum use standards.
Slots for international services at O'Hare are allocated by the FAA seasonally to both U.S. and foreign carriers based upon the carriers' historical operations and requests for additional capacity. The FAA holds a certain number of slots in reserve for this purpose. Slots over that number are provided through the withdrawal of domestic slots from carriers at O'Hare and the reallocation of those slots for international operations of requesting carriers. United has lost as many as 33 daily slots - that is, slots that were being used by United three days or more per week - during a single operating season.
During 1993, Congress amended the U.S. Department of Transportation ("DOT") appropriations bill for fiscal year 1994. This legislation capped for that fiscal year the number of slots that could be withdrawn from U.S. carriers for allocation to international operations. Also, in November 1991, United petitioned the FAA for a repeal of the international slot withdrawal provisions of the regulations. This petition has not, however, been acted upon by the agency. United believes that the number and distribution of slots it holds at the airports subject to the high density rule are sufficient to support its current operations. There can be no assurance, however, that additional slots sufficient to accommodate otherwise desirable service expansions will 