ns (or has the right to acquire) the majority interest. At the same time the Company continues to evaluate the disposition of interests which are not essential to its corporate development strategy.
The Company will ordinarily make acquisitions using securities or cash or by exchanging cellular interests it already owns. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to purchase any additional interests, or that any such additional interests, if purchased, will be purchased on terms that are favorable to the Company.
The Company, or TDS for the benefit of the Company, has negotiated acquisitions of cellular interests from third parties primarily in consideration for the Company's Common Shares or TDS's Common or Preferred Shares. Cellular interests acquired by TDS are generally assigned to the Company. At that time, the Company reimburses TDS for the value of TDS securities issued in such transactions, generally by issuing Common Shares and Preferred Stock (redeemable by the delivery of Common Shares) to TDS or by increases to the balance due TDS under the Company's Revolving Credit Agreement in amounts equal to the value of TDS capital stock at the time the acquisitions are closed. The fair market value of the Common Shares and Preferred Stock issued to TDS in connection with these transactions is equal to the fair market value of the TDS securities issued in the transactions and is determined at the time the transactions are closed.
In cases where the Company's Common Shares are used as consideration in connection with acquisitions, most of the agreements call for such shares to be delivered in 1994 and later years. In a limited number of transactions, the Company has agreed to pay some portion of the purchase price in cash.
COMPLETED ACQUISITIONS. During 1993, the Company completed the acquisition of controlling interests in 25 markets and several additional minority interests representing approximately 3.8 million population equivalents for an aggregate con