oan servicing costs are charged to expense as incurred. Costs associated with acquiring the right to service certain loans are capitalized and amortized in proportion to and deducted from the estimated future net servicing income.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) Prior to 1986, the Association sold certain loans with limited recourse requirements. In addition, in the normal course of business, loans are sold to various agencies which have recourse on standard documentation representations and warranties. Such loans are included in loans serviced for others. Estimated probable loan losses and related costs of collection and repossession are provided for at the time of such sales and are periodically reevaluated. The Company evaluates the credit risk of loans sold with recourse in conjunction with its evaluation of the adequacy of allowance for loan losses.
Allowance for Loan Losses
The allowance for loan losses is established and maintained through a periodic review and evaluation of various factors which affect the loans' collectibility and results in provisions for loan losses which are charged to expense. Numerous factors are considered in the evaluation, including a review of certain borrowers' current financial status, credit standing, available collateral, management's judgment regarding economic conditions, the impact of those conditions on property values, historical loan loss experience in relation to outstanding loans, the diversification and size of the loan portfolio, the results of the most recent regulatory examinations available to the Association, the overall loan portfolio quality, and other relevant factors.
Non-Accrual Loans
Interest accruals on loans are normally discontinued and previously accrued interest is reversed whenever the payment of interest or principal is more than 90 days past due, or earlier when conditions warrant it. A non-accrual loan may be restored to an accrual basis when princ