verability of 1,000,000 therms and a total seasonal working gas capacity of about 70,000,000 therms, or about 15 percent of the Company's annual core customer usage. These underground gas storage facilities provide a reliable, cost- effective winter supply that is available for a much longer period than the LNG plants.
In January 1993, the Company and Portland General Electric Company (PGE) entered into an agreement expiring in 2010 that provides the Company with a cost-effective winter peaking supply and PGE with needed firm pipeline transportation. With certain limitations, the Company may interrupt gas deliveries to PGE, use that gas for the Company's own markets, and compensate PGE by paying PGE's cost for replacement fuel oil. The daily volume is 300,000 therms, increasing to a maximum of 760,000 therms in November 1995. This agreement makes it possible for the Company to recover the full cost of firm transportation capacity while obtaining firm gas deliveries during peak load periods at a cost that is competitive with other peaking services.
Transportation - --------------
By 1992, most of the Company's large industrial interruptible sales customers had switched from sales service to transportation service. Since 1992, about half of these customers have returned to sales service, primarily because the Company's industrial sales rates were lower than those customers' costs of purchasing and shipping their own gas. The ability of industrial customers to switch between sales service and transportation service has assisted the Company in retaining most of these customers and has not had a material effect on the Company's results of operations. (See "Competition and Marketing" and Part II, Item 7.)
Regulation and Rates - --------------------
The Company is subject to regulation with respect to, among other matters, rates, systems of accounts and issuance of securities by the OPUC and the WUTC. In 1993, approximately 90.0 percent of the Company's gas deliveries and 