eater than otherwise planned, or of such other types of securities as might be authorized by applicable regulatory authorities which would not otherwise be sold and could result in annual interest charges and/or dividend requirements in excess of those that would otherwise be incurred. In addition, the Companies might, to the extent possible, reduce their expenditures for construction and other purposes.
Utility Regulation
The Companies are subject to broad regulation as to rates and other matters by the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO) and the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (PPUC). With respect to their wholesale and interstate electric operations and rates, the Companies are subject to regulation, including regulation of their accounting policies and practices, by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). Under Ohio law, municipalities may regulate rates, subject to appeal to the PUCO if not acceptable to the utility.
In 1986, a law was passed which extended the jurisdiction of the PUCO to nonutility affiliates of holding companies exempt under Section 3(a)(1) and 3(a)(2) of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 (1935 Act) to the extent that the activities of such affiliates affect or relate to the cost of providing electric utility service in Ohio. The law, among other things, requires PUCO approval of investments in, or the transfer of assets to, nonutility affiliates. Investments in such affiliates are limited to 15% of the aggregate capitalization of the holding company on a consolidated basis. The Company is an exempt holding company under Section 3(a)(2) of the 1935 Act, but the law has not had any effect on its operations as they are currently conducted.
The Energy Policy Act of 1992 (1992 Act) amends portions of the 1935 Act, providing independent power producers and other nonregulated generating facilities easier entry into the electric generation markets. The 1992 Act also amends portions of the Federal Power Act, author