apital and profit account of each Partner (if any), and such other reports (if any), all as the General Partner may deem appropriate.
1. The General Partner shall, at the Partnership's expense, cause the Partnership's Federal and state income and other tax returns to be prepared and filed and shall furnish copies to each Partner of any information on such returns needed for the preparation of each Partner's own tax returns.
9. Books and Records of the Partnership: Fiscal Year. The General Partner shall keep and maintain the books and records of the Partnership at the principal place of business of the Partnership. The books of the Partnership shall be kept on the cash or accrual basis, and the Partnership shall be on the cash or accrual basis for tax purposes and the Partnership shall have a fiscal or calendar year, all as determined by the General Partner. The books and records of the Partnership shall be audited at such times and by such accountants as shall be determined from time to time by the General Partner. The funds of the Partnership shall be deposited in such bank accounts or invested in such interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing investments, as shall be determined by the General Partner.
10. Transfer of Partnership Interest.
A. No Partner may sell, assign, transfer, encumber or hypothecate the whole or any part of its Partnership interest (including, but not limited to, its interest in the capital or profits of the Partnership) without prior written consent of all of the other Partners. The assignee of all or any portion of a Partner's interest so assigned shall be admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Partner only upon the consent of all of the Partners.
B. Any party or person admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Partner shall be subject to and bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement as if originally a party to this Agreement and, as a condition to such admission, shall be required to execute a copy of this Agreement as amende