upport of asset management, institutional advisory and capital markets functions as well as for Balcor Consulting Group, Inc., which provides real estate advisory services to Balcor affiliated entities and third party clients. In addition, Mr. Darragh has supervisory responsibility of Balcor's Investor Services Department. Mr. Darragh received masters degrees in Urban Geography from Queens University and in Urban Planning from Northwestern University.
Robert H. Lutz, Jr. (September 1949) joined Balcor in October 1991. He is President of Allegiance Realty Group, Inc., formerly known as Balcor Property Management, Inc. and, as such, has primary responsibility for all its management and operations. He is also a Director of The Balcor Company. From March 1991 until he joined Balcor, Mr. Lutz was Executive Vice President of Cousins Properties Incorporated. From March 1986 until January 1991, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of The Landmarks Group, a real estate development and management firm. Mr. Lutz received his M.B.A. from Georgia State University.
Michael J. O'Hanlon (April 1951) joined Balcor in February 1992 as Senior Vice President in charge of Asset Management, Investment/Portfolio Management, Transaction Management and the Capital Markets Group which includes sales and refinances. From January 1989 until joining Balcor, Mr. O'Hanlon held executive positions at Citicorp in New York and Dallas, including Senior Credit Officer and Regional Director. He holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from Fordham University, and an M.B.A. in Finance from Columbia University. He is a full member of the Urban Land Institute.
Gino A. Barra (December 1954) joined Balcor's Property Sales Group in September 1983. He is First Vice President of Balcor and assists with the supervision of Balcor's Asset Management Group, Transaction Management, Quality Control and Special Projects.
Daniel A. Duhig (October 1956) joined Balcor in November 1986 and is responsible for various ass