are on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's ("U.S. EPA") Superfund National Priorities List or similar state lists. These proceedings seek cleanup costs, damages for personal injury or property damage, or both. Certain of these proceedings involve claims for substantial amounts. Although the Company may be jointly and severally liable for such costs, in most cases, it is only one of a number of PRPs who are also jointly and severally liable. In addition to the matters noted above, certain current and former facilities of the Company, including several divested secondary lead smelter and former mining locations, are the subject of environmental investigations or litigation arising out of industrial waste disposal practices and mining activities.
The extent of CERCLA liability cannot be determined until the Remedial Investigation and Feasibility Study ("RIFS") is complete, the U.S. EPA issues a record of decision and costs are allocated among PRPs. The extent of liability under analogous state cleanup statutes and for common law equivalents are subject to similar uncertainties. The Company believes it has provided adequate accruals for reasonably estimable costs for CERCLA matters and other environmental liabilities. At December 31, 1993, the Company had accrued $70 million in respect of those environmental matters which are reasonably estimable. The Company determines the amount of accrual on a quarterly basis by analyzing and estimating the range of possible costs to the Company. Such costs include, among other things, remedial investigations, monitoring, studies, clean-up, removal and remediation. It is not possible to estimate the range of costs for certain sites. The Company has estimated that the upper end of the range of reasonably possible costs to the Company for sites for which it is possible to estimate costs is approximately $105 million. No assurance can be given that actual costs will not exceed accrued amounts or the upper end of the range for sit