-time employees with more than one year of service. Nu-Med may make annual contributions to the Plan based upon earnings, which the Plan may utilize to acquire Nu-Med common stock. In addition, Nu-Med may make contributions to the Plan in the form of Nu-Med common stock. No such contributions were made during the year ended April 30, 1991. The Company does not provide postretirement benefits to its employees.
F. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various litigation. In the opinion of management, the disposition of such litigation will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position.
HOSPITAL GROUP OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED) YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 1991
The Company leases certain space and equipment under operating lease agreements. The following is a schedule of estimated minimum payments due under such leases with an initial term of more than one year as of April 30, 1991 (in thousands of dollars):
Some of the operating leases contain provisions for renewal or increased rental (based upon increases in the Consumer Price Index), none of which are taken into account in the above table. Rental expense under all operating leases amounted to $357,000 in 1991.
G. INCOME TAXES
The provision for income taxes is composed of the following (in thousands of dollars):
The provision for income taxes included in the consolidated statements of earnings differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 34% to earnings before taxes due to the effect of the state franchise taxes, net of federal benefit. This amounted to 5% for the year ended April 30, 1991.
In February 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109. 'Accounting for Income Taxes'. Cooper and the Company are required to adopt the new method of accounting for income ta