ompared to 1991, primarily in U.S. and European markets. Approximately one-half of Kronos' 1993 TiO2 sales, by volume, were attributable to markets in Europe with approximately 38% attributable to North America and the balance to export markets.
As a result of continued cost reduction and containment efforts, Kronos' raw material and production costs increased only slightly in 1993 compared to year-ago levels. Start-up costs at the chloride process plant in Lake Charles, Louisiana, which commenced production during the first half of 1992, unfavorably impacted operating income in 1992. Kronos' 1992 operating income was also impacted by slightly lower unit production costs resulting from its continued emphasis on cost reduction efforts and increased production volumes. Kronos' water treatment chemicals business, which utilizes TiO2 co-products, increased its contribution to operating income in 1992 but such contribution was lower in 1993 than in 1992.
Demand, supply and pricing of TiO2 have historically been cyclical and, as noted above, the last cyclical peak for TiO2 prices occurred in early 1990. Kronos believes that its operating income and margins for 1994 will be higher than in 1993 due principally to slightly higher sales and production volumes, and the favorable effect of the joint venture. However, the Company expects that the TiO2 industry will continue to operate at lower capacity utilization levels over the next few years relative to the high utilization levels prevalent during the late 1980s, primarily because of the slow recovery from worldwide recession and the impact of capacity additions since the late 1980s. The economic recovery has been particularly slow in Europe, where a significant portion of Kronos' TiO2 manufacturing facilities are located.
During the current period of depressed TiO2 prices, the Company has operated with a strategy to maintain its competitive position. During the past three years, Kronos has increased its estimated worldwide m