vities which may be engaged in by the Corporation and its subsidiaries to those of banking and the management of banking organizations, and to non- banking activities which the Federal Reserve Board may find, by order or regulation, to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. The approval of the Federal Reserve Board is required prior to engaging in non-banking activities.
The Banks
First National, First Omni, and First D.C. (the "National Banks" and together with York Bank, the "Banks"), as national banking associations, are subject to the supervision of, and regulation and examination by the Comptroller. York Bank, a Pennsylvania state chartered bank, is supervised, regulated and examined by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and the FDIC. Deposits, reserves, investments, loans, consumer law compliance, issuance of securities, payment of dividends, mergers and consolidations, electronic funds transfers, management practices, and other aspects of the Banks' operations are subject to regulation. The approval of the appropriate bank regulatory authority is required for the establishment of additional branch offices by any of the Banks, subject to applicable state law restrictions.
All of the National Banks are members of the Federal Reserve System, and the deposits of all the Banks are insured by the FDIC. Some of the aspects of the lending and deposit business of the Banks which are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board or the FDIC include disclosure requirements in connection with personal and mortgage loans, interest on deposits and reserve requirements. In addition, the Banks are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations which set forth specific restrictions and procedural requirements with respect to the extension of credit, credit practices, the disclosure of credit terms and discrimination in credit transactions.
The Banks are subject to restrictions under fed