ents. Upon adoption, MaraLou recorded a non-cash charge to earnings of $6 million ($3 million net to the Company's interest).
The common stock of CLAM is pledged as collateral under a revolving credit agreement between MaraLou and a group of banks. The credit agreement is nonrecourse to the partners of MaraLou.
7. Property, Plant and Equipment
8. Long-term Debt
The fair value of the Company's long-term debt as of December 31, 1993 is estimated to be approximately $744 million based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of similar maturities.
Debt maturities for the next five years follows.
To finance the aforementioned NERCO and T-Block acquisitions (see Note 2), refinance certain existing indebtedness and fund general corporate activities, the Company entered into a $790 million credit facility with a syndicate of banks in September 1993. Commitments under the agreement originally consisted of (i) a $540 million Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) a $250 million Term Loan Facility (which was utilized and repaid and is no longer available to the Company). The Revolving Credit Facility was subsequently reduced to $450 million and will be reduced by approximately $24 million quarterly from June 1994 through September 1999. Amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at fluctuating rates subject to certain options chosen in advance by the Company. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility during 1993 were at an average interest rates of 5%. A commitment fee of 1/4% is charged on the unused portion of the facility. Bank fees and other costs associated with this facility totaled $8.1 million of which $6.7 million was charged to interest and debt expenses in the fourth quarter of 1993. The balance will be written off during the first quarter of 1994, at which time the Company intends to renegotiate the facility.
In June 1992, the Company re