ment. In order for St. Paul Federal to exercise the powers granted to a federally chartered savings bank and maintain full access to FHLB advances, it must meet the definition of a QTL. A savings institution will be a QTL if the savings institution's qualified thrift investments continue to equal or exceed 65% of the institution's portfolio assets on a monthly average basis in nine out of every 12 months. Subject to certain
exceptions, qualified thrift investments generally consist of housing related loans and investments, certain obligations of federal instrumentalities and certain groups of assets, such as consumer loans, to a limited extent. The term "portfolio assets" means the savings institution's total assets minus goodwill and other intangible assets, the value of property used by the savings institution to conduct its business, and liquid assets held by the savings institution in an amount up to 20% of its total assets.
OTS regulations provide that any savings institution that fails to meet the definition of a QTL must either convert to a bank charter, other than a savings bank charter, or limit its future investments and activities (including branching and payments of dividends) to those permitted for both savings institutions and national banks. Additionally, any such savings institution that does not convert to a bank charter will be ineligible to receive further FHLB advances and beginning three years after the loss of QTL status, will be required to repay all outstanding FHLB advances and dispose of or discontinue any preexisting investment or activities not permitted for both savings institutions and national banks. Further, within one year of the loss of QTL status, the holding company of a savings institution that does not convert to a bank charter must register as a bank holding company and will be subject to all statutes applicable to bank holding companies.
St. Paul Federal is a QTL under the current test, having investments in qualified thrift i