ased plans, which must be made solely by the Committee in order to satisfy Securities Exchange Act Rule 16b-3.
The Committee has retained the services of an independent compensation consulting firm to assist in executive compensation matters.
Except for specific compensation decisions regarding Mr. Williamson which are discussed below, additional information required under this item is incorporated by reference to pages 16 through 19 of HEI's Definitive Proxy Statement, prepared for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 19, 1994, and filed herein as HEI Exhibit 22.
BASE SALARY
Mr. Williamson's base salary is determined based on the recommendation of Robert F. Clarke, President and Chief Executive Officer of HEI and Chairman of the Board of HECO, within the recommended salary range and the Committee's approval. Mr. Clarke's recommendation is based on an overall evaluation of Mr. Williamson's performance during the preceding year. This evaluation is subjective in nature and takes into account all aspects of Mr. Williamson's responsibilities at the discretion of Mr. Clarke. Mr. Williamson's base salary was raised from an annual rate of $300,000 to an annual rate of $320,000, effective May 1, 1993. This action by the Committee was subsequently ratified by the HECO Board of Directors.
STOCK OPTIONS
The 1993 stock option award to Mr. Williamson of 8,000 shares of HEI Common Stock plus dividend equivalents was based on the consultant's recommendation and the independent evaluation of an appropriate award level by Mr. Clarke and the HEI Compensation Committee. In this evaluation, the Committee took into account prior awards to Mr. Williamson and an overall subjective evaluation of Mr. Williamson's job performance.
HECO BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMMITTEES OF THE HECO BOARD
The Board of Directors of HECO has only one standing committee, the Audit Committee, which is comprised of three nonemployee directors: Ben F. Kaito, Chairman, and Mildred D. Kosaki and Diane J.