judgments in the amount of $647,000 as of August 31, 1994. These judgments have been recorded in certain of the Company's communities. On September 1, 1994 the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement with plaintiff to be consummated on or before October 17, 1994. New financing is essential for the Company to fund the settlement agreement. Failure to fund this agreement will result in continued litigation and a likely substantial judgment against the Company. As part of the settlement agreement, the Company will be evicted from the premises and must vacate its occupancy by January 6, 1995.
Homesite sales contracts provide for the return of all monies paid in (including paid-in interest) should the Company be unable to meet its contractual obligations after the use of reasonable diligence. If a refund is made, the Company will recover the related homesite and any improvement thereto. The aggregate amount of all monies paid in (including paid-in interest) on all homesite contracts having outstanding contractual obligations (primarily to complete improvements) at December 31, 1993 was approximately $11,422,000.
As a result of the delays in completing the land improvements to certain property sold in certain of its Central and North Florida communities, the Company fell behind in meeting its contractual obligations to its customers. In connection with these delays, the Company, in February, 1980, entered into a Consent Order with the Division which provided a program for notifying affected customers. The Consent Order, which was restated and amended, provided a program for notifying affected customers of the anticipated delays in the completion of improvements (or, in the case of purchasers of unbuildable lots in certain areas of the Company's Sunny Hills community, the transfer of development obligations to core growth areas of the community); various options which may be selected by affected purchasers; a schedule for completing certain improvements; and a deferral