adjusted for any basis differences. Basis differences result from the purchase of interests at values which differ from the recorded cost of the Partnership's proportionate share of the joint ventures' net assets.
ARVIDA/JMB PARTNERS, L.P. (A LIMITED PARTNERSHIP) AND CONSOLIDATED VENTURES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
The Partnership periodically advances funds to certain of its joint ventures in which it holds ownership interests when deemed necessary and economically justifiable. Such advances are generally interest bearing and are payable to the Partnership from amounts earned through joint venture operations.
Equity Memberships
The amenities within certain of the Partnership's Boca Raton and Jacksonville, Florida Communities, as well as its Community near Highlands, North Carolina are sold to the respective homeowners through the sale of equity memberships. The amounts recorded as equity memberships in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets represent the accumulation of costs incurred in constructing clubhouses, golf courses, tennis courts and various other related assets, less amounts allocated to memberships sold not in excess of their net realizable value determined by evaluations of individual amenities. Equity membership revenues and related cost of revenues are included in land and property in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Partnership Records
The Partnership's records are maintained on the accrual basis of accounting as adjusted for Federal income tax reporting purposes. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared from such records after making appropriate adjustments where applicable to reflect the Partnership's accounts in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and to consolidate the accounts of the ventures as described above. The net effect of these items is summarized as follows:
Reference is made to Note 14 for further discussion of the allocation of prof