$5.7 million in long-term debt of the acquired businesses. In addition, the Company issued 1.8 million shares of common stock in three acquisitions accounted for as poolings of interests during this period.
The largest acquisitions were completed during the third quarter of 1993. On September 1, the Company acquired Hanes Holding Company for 1.6 million shares of common stock, in a pooling of interests, and purchased VWR Textiles & Supplies, Inc. (through Hanes) for $26 million in cash. The Company also purchased full ownership of several wire drawing mills, which previously had been jointly owned. This transaction involved $33 million, plus the assumption of $3.6 million in long-term debt. Additional details of acquisitions are discussed in Note B of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The following table shows, in millions, the Company's capitalization at the end of the three most recent years. It also shows the amount of additional capital available through the revolving bank credit agreements and the Company's commercial paper program. The amount of cash and cash equivalents is also shown.
The Company has the additional availability of short-term uncommitted credit from several banks. However, there was no short-term debt outstanding at the end of any of the last three years. The Company has substantial capital resources to support additional capital investments at or above recent levels.
Working capital increased $32.5 million in the last three years. To gain additional flexibility in capital management and to improve the rate of return on shareholders' equity, the Company continuously seeks efficient use of working capital. The following table shows the annual turnover on average year-end working capital, trade receivables and inventories.
Future commitments under lease obligations are described in Note E and contingent obligations in connection with environmental matters are discussed in Note J of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
RE