y and/or energy from the electric utility in whose service area they are located or from any other electric utility or independent power producer. Retail wheeling is not currently required within the Entergy System service area. See "Rate Matters and Regulation - Regulation - Other Regulation and Litigation," below for information on proceedings brought by Cajun seeking transmission access to certain of GSU's industrial customers.
Least Cost Planning. The System continues to pursue least cost planning, also known as integrated resource planning, in order to compete more effectively in both retail and wholesale markets. Least cost planning is the development of strategies to add resources to meet future electricity demands reliably and at the lowest possible cost. The least cost planning process includes the study of electric supply- and demand-side options. The resultant plan uses demand-side options, such as changing customer consumption patterns, to limit electricity usage during times of peak demand, thus delaying the need for new capacity resources. Least cost planning offers the potential for the System to minimize customer costs, while providing an opportunity to earn a return.
On December 1, 1992, AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI each filed a Least Cost Plan with its respective regulator, and on July 1, 1993, each company filed a near-term revision to such plan. Each Least Cost Plan details the resources that the System intends to use to provide reasonably priced, reliable electric service to its customers over the next 20 years. Such plan includes 925 MW of DSM resources, such as programs for efficient air conditioning and heating, high efficiency lighting, and CCLM. CCLM is the subject of recent Entergy proposals (filed, or to be filed, by AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI with their respective regulators) requesting the CCLM pilot be withdrawn from consideration in the existing Least Cost Plan dockets on the basis of a new proposal by Entergy to undertake the initial