s margin (sales price less cost of gas) fluctuations resulting from the volatility of sales to large industrial interruptible customers caused by price competition between natural gas and residual fuel oil. Under the ISA tariff schedule, the Company's rates are increased or decreased at least annually to compensate for deviations in actual industrial interruptible margins from assumed base margins. If the actual margin is below the base margin for any month, the Company's rates applicable to core market customers are adjusted upward to recover 80 percent of the margin deficiency, plus interest. Likewise, if the actual margin is above the base margin, rates subsequently are adjusted downward to return 80 percent of the margin excess, plus interest. At year-end 1993, the ISA account had a credit (refund) balance of $2.4 million. This tariff schedule enhances the Company's opportunity to achieve its allowed rate of return and reduces fluctuations in earnings due to changes in industrial interruptible sales.
The OPUC and WUTC have approved transportation tariffs under which the Company may contract with customers to deliver customer-owned gas. Under these tariffs, revenues from the transportation of customer-owned gas, except that of large industrial customers having the capability of bypassing the Company's system, generally are equivalent to the margins that would have been realized from sales of Company-owned gas. (See "Transportation" and "Competition and Marketing".)
The OPUC and WUTC have instituted "least-cost planning" processes under which utilities develop plans defining alternative growth scenarios and resource acquisition strategies. In 1991, the OPUC and WUTC acknowledged and accepted the Company's submissions of its first Least Cost Plan, and required further planning during 1992 and 1993, including the development of demand-side (conservation) resources.
In October 1993, the Company filed its 1993 Integrated Resource (Least Cost) Plan, with the OPUC and t