rm of Common Shares of the Company or increases in the balance under the Revolving Credit Agreement. Based on the estimated value of the consideration at the time the agreements were entered into, the Company expects to reimburse TDS by issuing 3.7 million of the Company's Common Shares to TDS and by increasing the balance due TDS under the Revolving Credit Agreement by $400,000.
In addition to the agreements discussed above, the Company has agreements to acquire interests representing 302,000 population equivalents in three markets. The consideration for these acquisitions will be determined based on future appraisals of the fair market values of the interests to be acquired. All population equivalents acquirable pursuant to these agreements and the agreements in the previous paragraph are included in the table on pages 11 to 14.
In addition to the acquisitions completed in 1993 and the pending acquisitions discussed above, the Company had commitments at December 31, 1993 to issue 4.8 million Common Shares in connection with acquisitions completed prior to 1993. Approximately 3.8 million of these shares were issued in early 1994. The Company also had Preferred Stock outstanding (all of which is held by TDS) which is redeemable into 1.2 million of the Company's Common Shares in 1994 through 1996. Certain series of TDS Preferred Shares are redeemable into an additional 1.1 million of the Company's Common Shares in 1994 through 1996.
The Company maintains shelf registration of its Common Shares and Preferred Stock under the Securities Act of 1933 for issuance specifically in connection with acquisitions.
CELLULAR INTERESTS AND CLUSTERS
The Company operates clusters of adjacent cellular systems, enabling its customers to benefit from a larger service area than otherwise possible. The Company's strategy was initially implemented by filing for licenses to operate cellular systems in MSAs. Following the MSA lotteries and settlements, the Company acquired interests in cert