sidiaries that acquire feedstocks for the refineries and products for the distribution system are located in Aruba, Bahrain, Bermuda, London, Madrid and Singapore.
In March 1993, Coastal Petroleum N.V., a subsidiary of Coastal, and The Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority signed a long-term lease for petroleum storage facilities located at the former U.S. naval base at Subic Bay in the Philippines. Coastal is leasing 304 acres of land, with 68 individual storage tanks totalling 2.4 million barrels of storage, most of which are underground, and 40 miles of pipeline connecting the terminal with other facilities within the Subic Bay Freeport Zone. Additionally, in late 1993, another subsidiary of Coastal signed a joint venture agreement with a subsidiary of the Malaysian national oil company, Petronas, for use of the entire capacity of this storage facility for independent marketing efforts throughout the region and for joint marketing in the Subic Bay Freeport Zone.
The Company, through Coastal Mart, Inc. and branded marketers, conducts retail marketing, using the C-MART(R) and/or COASTAL(R) trademarks, in 36 states through approximately 1,532 Coastal branded outlets, with 578 of those outlets operated by the Company. Fleet fueling operations include 17 outlets in Texas and 7 in Florida.
Coastal Unilube, Inc., based in West Memphis, Arkansas, blends, packages and distributes lubricants and automotive products under the UNILUBE(R), DUPLEX(R), CUI(R) and UNIPRO(R) brand names. Coastal Unilube, Inc. distributes lubricants and automotive products through 14 warehouses servicing customers in 36 states.
TRANSPORTATION. The Company's transportation facilities include petroleum liquids pipelines, tank cars, tankers, tank trucks and barges. Coastal has approximately 3,900 miles of pipeline for gathering and transporting an average of 334,000 barrels daily of crude oil, condensate, natural gas liquids and refined products. These lines are located principally in Texas and Kansas and