as, are the focus of an ongoing investigation by the Office of the Inspector General of the United States Department of Defense and the Department of Justice (Criminal Division). On July 16, 1992, Ni-Tec received a subpoena for certain records as a part of the investigation, which subpoena has been responded to. Additional subpoenas for additional documents were received in September 1992, February 1993, and March 1994. The Company responded to the September subpoena, the government subsequently withdrew the February subpoena and the Company is in the process of responding to the March subpoena. The investigation appears directed at quality control, testing and documentation activities which began at Ni-Tec while it was a division of Optic-Electronic Corp. Optic-Electronic Corp. was acquired by the Company in November 1990 and subsequently merged with Varo Inc. in 1991. The Company continues to cooperate fully with the investigation.
Regarding environmental matters, the operations of the Company, like those of other companies engaged in similar businesses, involve the use, disposal and cleanup of substances regulated under environmental protection laws.
In a number of instances the Company has received Notice of Potential Liability from the United States Environmental Protection Agency alleging that various of its divisions had arranged for the disposal of hazardous wastes at a number of facilities that have been targeted for cleanup pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"). Although CERCLA liability is joint and several, the Company believes that its liability will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company since it believes that it qualifies as a de minimis or minor contributor to each site with a large number of Potential Responsible Parties ("PRP's") owning a greater share. Accordingly, the Company believes that the portion of remediation costs that it will be responsible for