egoing officers or employees are currently involved in any material legal proceedings nor were any such proceedings terminated during the fourth quarter of 1993.
Item 11.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
(a, b, c, d & e) The Registrant has not paid and does not propose to pay any compensation, retirement or other termination of employment benefits to any of the five most highly compensated executive officers of the General Partner.
Item 12.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
(a) No person owns of record or is known by the Registrant to own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding Limited Partnership Interests of the Registrant.
(b) Balcor Mortgage Advisors-VI and its officers and partners own as a group through the Early Investment Incentive Fund and otherwise the following Limited Partnership Interests of the Registrant:
Amount Beneficially Title of Class Owned Percent of Class
Limited Partnership Interests 30,546 Interests 2.2%
Relatives and affiliates of the officers and partners of the General Partner do not own any additional interests.
(c) The Registrant is not aware of any arrangements, the operation of which may result in a change of control of the Registrant.
Item 13.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
(a & b) See Note 10 of Notes to Financial Statements for additional information relating to transactions with affiliates.
See Note 2 of Notes to Financial Statements for information relating to the Partnership Agreement and the allocation of distributions and profits and losses.
(c) No management person is indebted to the Registrant.
(d) The Registrant has no outstanding agreements with any promoters.
PART IV
Item 14.
Item 14. Exhibits and Reports on Form 8-K
(a) (1 & 2) See Index to Financial Statements and Schedules in this Form 10-K.
(3) Exhibits:
(3) The Amended and Restated Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership previously filed as Exhibit 3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant's Regi