y/TM/ is a trademark of the Company.
This broad range of capabilities provides solutions to virtually every visual system requirement. All ESIG family image generators are modular and expandable with the user's requirements. Extensive use of custom VLSI technology throughout the product line has been made to improve reliability, maintainability, and cost/performance ratio. E&S CIG products range in price from $100,000 to $10,000,000.
2. Graphics Accelerators. In January, 1992, the Company entered into an --------------------- agreement with Sun Microsystems Computer Corporation (SMCC) for the development of a line of high-performance interactive graphics accelerators to operate with Sun SPARCstation/TM/(4) products. The graphics accelerator products were introduced to the market in the fourth quarter of 1992 under the E&S trade name, Freedom Series/TM/(5), and have graphics functionality and performance starting above that of the current top-of-the-line Sun products. These accelerator products allow users of Sun machines to achieve graphics performance equal to or higher than that available on any other systems on the market. The arrangement with Sun is non-exclusive.
The OEM agreement between the Company and IBM, as disclosed in the Recent Development portion of this report, provides a new business model for the graphics accelerator business and further provides new market access through the strong market presence of the Company's OEM partner.
3. Software Systems. The Company's software systems used for the design ---------------- of industrial products, the Conceptual Design and Rendering System (CDRS), continues to be well accepted in the automobile industry. There has been some penetration into the large, non-automotive market. CDRS is an integrated product, with both general-purpose and special-purpose hardware and application software, that allows stylists to use familiar techniques to build accurate mathematical models of aesthetic shapes, such as auto bodies