national Apparel, with Dr. Marvin Blum being designated as the class representative. Jack Abdo was also added as a party defendant. The plaintiff class was certified by the district court as "all persons, other than defendants, and their affiliates, officers, and members of their immediate family who owned shares of BankAtlantic common stock on February 6, 1988, or their successors in interest".
The Second Amended Complaint, upon which this action is presently based, asserts a claim for breach of contract and a claim for violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Plaintiffs allege that they, as minority shareholders of BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank, are third party beneficiaries of an option agreement between BFC Financial Corporation and Dr. Pearce requiring BFC Financial Corporation to offer to purchase all their shares of BankAtlantic subject to certain conditions. Plaintiffs claim that none of the conditions set forth in the Pearce Agreement arose to excuse BFC Financial Corporation from offering to buy the shares; defendants claim that those conditions did in fact occur and that BFC Financial Corporation did not, therefore, have any obligation to offer to purchase the shares. Plaintiffs also allege that defendants made certain misrepresentations regarding their intentions to perform pursuant to the Pearce agreement, which defendants deny. Settlement negotiations, which had been progressing, have terminated. The plaintiffs have requested that this matter be rescheduled for trial. Pretrial conference has been conducted, however, no trial date has been set.
During 1989 and 1991, the Company exchanged subordinated debentures for the assets and liabilities of certain affiliated partnerships. While, to the Company's knowledge, no formal order of investigation is pending, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has advised the Company that it is currently reviewing the transactions.
26. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
See note 15 of