 and adequate settlement of the claims filed by single- family homeowners and condominium owners at Country Walk. On August 10, 1993, the court issued a final order approving the class action settlement. The settlement, which is designed to resolve claims arising in connection with estate and patio homes and condominiums sold by the Partnership after September 10, 1987, is structured to compensate residents for losses not covered by insurance. Settlement amounts payable are a function of the type of unit involved and the claimant's proof regarding the adequacy of insurance proceeds. Homeowners of 188 units of Country Walk have accepted the settlement. Those who affirmatively rejected the offer may continue to litigate against the Partnership. The Partnership currently believes that the class action settlement may cost approximately $2.5 million. The settlement is being funded by one of the Partnership's insurers, subject to a reservation of rights. The amount of money, if any, which the insurance company may recover from the Partnership pursuant to its reservation of rights is uncertain. Due to this uncertainty, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets do not reflect an accrual for such costs.
On February 24, 1994, the Partnership was dismissed from the pending class action lawsuits pursuant to the class action settlement. In addition, the Partnership has been informed that Disney and an insurer have reached agreements to settle five of the individual homeowners actions which were tendered by the Partnership to Disney. These Disney Settlements will be funded without any contribution from the Partnership. The Partnership can give no assurance that the Disney settlements will be finalized.
As noted above, those homeowners who affirmatively rejected the offer of settlement may continue to litigate. The Partnership is currently a defendant in eleven lawsuits brought by condominium and patio home owners, all of whom have declined to accept the terms of the class acti