llows:
Interest bearing deposits in other banks--The fair value of interest bearing deposits in other banks was determined by discounting the cash flows associated with these instruments using an appropriate discount
FIRST MARYLAND BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) rate. Current middle market rates for deposits with similar characteristics to the financial instrument being valued were obtained from offshore eurodollar dealers and used as discount rates.
Trading account securities--The fair values for the Corporation's trading account securities are based on quoted market prices and trading account securities are recognized on the consolidated statements of condition at fair value.
Federal funds sold--The carrying amount of federal funds sold reported on the consolidated statement of condition approximates fair value due to the overnight maturity of these instruments.
Securities purchased under agreements to resell--The fair value of securities purchased under agreements to resell was determined by discounting the cash flows associated with these instruments using an appropriate discount rate. Market rates for financial instruments with similar characteristics to the financial instrument being valued were used as the discount rate. Market rates were based on an average of quotes obtained from several securities dealers.
The carrying values and fair values of money market investments consisted of the following at December 31, 1993 and 1992:
Investment securities
The fair value of investment securities is based on bid prices received from an external pricing service or bid quotations received from external securities dealers.
The carrying amounts and fair values of investment securities is presented in Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The available- for-sale securities are carried at fair value.
Loans
Loans were segmented into portfolios with similar financial characteristics, such as commercia