y as a cost and performance effective solution to the accomplishment of its mission in a reduced budget environment. This is particularly evident in the rapidly growing ground warfare sector, where the Company succeeded in winning the highly sought after British Challenger Main Battle Tank Training Program. In Europe, lower-priced product offerings by the Company have also spurred interest in the commercial market.
Design systems sales declined 6% in 1993 from 1992 and were flat from 1991 to 1992.
Revenues from the Freedom Series graphics accelerators used with Sun Microsystems workstations, were well below expectations throughout 1993. The principal detractors to achieving anticipated sales levels were the lack of ported and validated third-party software and an inadequate commission incentive for Sun salesmen. Sun and E&S support teams, working together with the third-party suppliers have now made significant progress in alleviating much of the porting and validation bottleneck. Also, in a Company-wide restructuring announcement January 12, 1994, it was announced that the Design Systems Division was reorganizing to serve the graphics accelerator market entirely as an OEM supplier. On October 19, the Company announced an important OEM agreement with IBM, where IBM will market selected E&S high-end graphics accelerators that support IBM's RISC System/6000 workstations. IBM will use its worldwide sales force to re- sell the E&S
product to its customers and will provide full service and support for these products. This combination is expected to provide new business for E&S beginning in 1994.
Molecular Design (TRIPOS) sales for 1993 were nearly 20% above the 1992 sales level. Software license, support, and systems sales each contributed to the overall sales gain in 1993. The business group presently offers three software product lines for use with workstations, integrated by the molecular spreadsheet, a unique software integration tool. Please refer to the Recent Deve