and Missouri Gas Energy both have firm supply commitments for all areas that are supplied with gas purchased under short-term arrangements.
Gas sales and/or transportation contracts with interruption provisions, whereby large volume users purchase gas with the understanding that they may be forced to shut down or switch to alternate sources of energy at times when the gas is needed for higher priority customers, have been utilized for load management by Southern Union and the gas industry as a whole for many years. In addition, during times of special supply problems, curtailments of deliveries to customers with firm contracts may be made in accordance with guidelines established by appropriate federal and state regulatory agencies. There have been no supply-related curtailments of deliveries to Southern Union Gas or Missouri Gas Energy utility sales customers during the last ten years.
The following table shows, for each of Southern Union Gas' principal service areas, the percentage of gas utility revenues and sales volume for 1993, the average cost per Mcf of gas in 1993, and the primary delivery systems:
Missouri Gas Energy provides gas service to Kansas City, St. Joseph, Joplin, Monett and surrounding communities in central and western Missouri. The average cost per Mcf of gas supplied to Missouri Gas Energy in 1993 was $3.04. The primary source of supply to Missouri Gas Energy's service areas is Williams Natural Gas Company.
UTILITY REGULATION AND RATES
The Company's rates and operations are subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities. In Texas, municipalities have primary jurisdiction over rates within their respective incorporated areas. Rates in adjacent environs areas and appellate matters are the responsibility of the Railroad Commission of Texas. Rates in Oklahoma are subject to regulation by the Oklahoma Corporation Commission. In Missouri, rates are established by the MPSC on a system wide basis. The FERC and the Railroad Commission of