ed auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 1993 and December 25, 1992 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company incurred substantial operating losses during 1993, 1992 and 1991, has continued to experience severe liquidity crises, causing the Company to be unable to meet certain contractual obligations, in some cases resulting in litigation that may have a substantial impact on the Company, and has a stockholders' deficiency at December 31, 1993. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans concerning these matters are described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP Certified Public Accountants Miami, Florida September 5, 1994
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
THE DELTONA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
ASSETS (IN THOUSANDS)
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the cons