tions Clearing Corporation. Certain other transactions, such as mutual fund transactions and transactions in securities not eligible for settlement through a clearing corporation, are settled directly with the mutual funds or other financial institutions. Schwab is obligated to settle transactions with clearing corporations, mutual funds and other financial institutions even if Schwab's customer fails to meet his or her obligations to Schwab. In addition, for transactions that do not settle through a clearing corporation, Schwab takes the risk of the other party's failure to settle the trade. See "Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Other Information" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, which are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 13.1 of this report.
Customer securities are typically held by Schwab in nominee name, on deposit at one or more of the recognized securities industry depository trust companies, or in the case of government and certain other fixed-income securities and other instruments (e.g., certain limited partnership interests), at a custodial bank. Schwab collects dividends and interest on securities held in nominee name, making the appropriate credits to customer accounts. Schwab also facilitates exercise of subscription rights on securities held for customers. Schwab arranges for the transmittal of proxy and tender offer materials and company reports to customers.
- 8 - THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
EMPLOYEES
As of December 31, 1993, the Company had approximately 6,500 employees, including full-time, part-time and temporary employees, as well as persons employed on a contract basis. None of the employees are represented by a union, and the Company believes its relations with its employees are good.
REGULATION
The securities industry in the United States is subject to extensive regulation under both Federal and state laws. The SEC is the Federal agency charged with 