APs to provide certain intrastate services without specific TPUC approval. The Telephone Company is appealing this decision. In February 1993, the TPUC denied a petition filed by a CAP seeking intrastate collocation, rate unbundling and the elimination of resale restrictions in Telephone Company tariffs, and indicated it would address these issues in separate proceedings. In Missouri, CAPs are permitted to provide certain services, including special access and interexchange and intraexchange private line services, upon a showing of financial viability and authorization from the Missouri Public Service Commission (MPSC). In Missouri, a number of CAPs are presently certified to offer services.
The MPSC, in December 1992, granted the Telephone Company transitionally competitive status for toll, WATS, 800, operator and private line services, which has been appealed by several parties. This decision permits the Telephone Company to file minimum and maximum rates for those services, within which it can change rates without prior MPSC approval once enabling tariffs are approved. The Telephone Company plans to file for these rates in early 1994.
In February 1993, the Arkansas Public Service Commission issued an order granting Tier 1 local exchange carriers, including the Telephone Company, the choice between physical and virtual collocation. The Telephone Company has appealed that decision to the Arkansas Court of Appeals. The Oklahoma Corporation Commission (OCC) issued an order in February 1993, adopting a policy of local exchange carriers discretion to choose between physical and virtual collocation. In Texas, the TPUC adopted a rule in January 1994, requiring expanded interconnection for special access services on terms similar to the interstate tariffs. The rule also requires the Telephone Company to provide expanded interconnection for private line services, and to unbundle special access and private line services. In Missouri, the MPSC has initiated preliminary discu