and Regulatory Matters - FERC Audit," incorporated herein by reference.)
In a separate proceeding, on August 24, 1992, FERC instituted an investigation of the justness and reasonableness of certain of Entergy's formula wholesale rates, including System Energy's rates under the Unit Power Sales Agreement. Various regulatory authorities intervened in the proceeding. On August 2, 1993, Entergy and the intervenors settled the proceeding and agreed that System Energy's rate of return on equity would be reduced from 13% to 11%, and such rate would remain in effect until at least August 1995. Refunds were payable by System Energy with respect to the period from November 2, 1992, through the effective date of the settlement. FERC approved the settlement on October 25, 1993, and System Energy credited AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI with an aggregate of $29.6 million on their October 1993 bills. This matter is now final. (See Note 2 of System Energy's Notes to Financial Statements, "Rate and Regulatory Matters - FERC Return on Equity Case," incorporated herein by reference.)
Entergy Power. In 1990, authorizations were obtained from the SEC, FERC, the APSC, and the Public Service Commission of Missouri for Entergy Power to purchase AP&L's interests in Independence 2 and Ritchie 2, and to begin marketing the capacity and energy from the units in certain wholesale markets. The SEC order approving various aspects of the transaction was appealed by various intervenors in the proceeding to the D.C. Circuit, which reversed a portion of the order and remanded the case to the SEC for consideration of the effect of the transfers on the System's future costs of replacement generating capacity and fuel. In response to a June 24, 1993 SEC order setting a procedural schedule for the filing of further pleadings in the proceeding, in July 1993, the Entergy parties filed a post-effective amendment to their application addressing the issues specified in the SEC order. On September 9, 1993, the Ci