r. Shares are paid for within the constraints of the Company's lending arrangement and debt instruments, as supplemented by a Schedule of Priorities established by Holding's Board of Directors. The Named Officers (other than Mr. Gandini) and most of the executive officers are Management Investors and parties to the Stockholders Agreement.
PART IV
ITEM 14. CONSOLIDATED EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
(a) 1 and 2. Financial statements and financial statement schedules
The financial statements and schedules listed in the accompanying index to financial statements are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K.
3. Exhibits
The exhibits listed on the accompanying index to exhibits are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K.
Included in the exhibits are the following management contracts or compensatory plan arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 14(c) of Form 10-K
American Standard Inc. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended Trust Agreement for American Standard Inc. Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan American Standard Inc. Annual Incentive Plan American Standard Inc. Management Partner's Bonus Plan with amendments American Standard Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Benefit Program American Standard Employee Stock Ownership Plan with amendments Estate Preservation Plan with amendments Corporate Officers Severance Plan American Standard Inc. Supplemental Compensation Plan for Outside Directors ASI Holding Corporation 1989 Stock Purchase Loan Program Summary of Terms of Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan Letter of Agreement with respect to H. Thompson Smith's retirement and consulting services
(b) Reports on Form 8-K for the quarter ended December 31, 1993.
None
Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
AM