it and 79,973 shares abstained.
PART II
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
The Company's common stock is traded on The New York Stock Exchange, Inc. and the Pacific Stock Exchange Incorporated. No cash dividends were paid with respect to the common stock in fiscal 1993 or 1992.
The Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Relative Rights, Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions of the Company's SERPS, which were retired in exchange for the Series B Preferred Stock on June 14, 1993, as indicated in Item 4 above, prohibited the payment of cash dividends on the Company's common stock unless certain conditions, which the Company did not meet, were met.
The Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Relative Rights, Qualifications, Limitations and Restrictions of the Series B Preferred Stock prohibits the payment of cash dividends on the Company's common stock unless the full amount of cumulative dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock have been declared and paid in full or contemporaneously are paid through the most recent dividend payment date. Dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock do not begin to accrue until June 14, 1994.
The Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1985, governing the Company's Debentures, as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 29, 1989 and the Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 1994, and the Indenture dated as of January 6, 1994 governing the Company's 10% Senior Subordinated Secured Notes due 2003 (collectively, the 'Indentures'), permit the payment of cash dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock but prohibit the payment of cash dividends on the Company's common stock unless (i) no defaults exist or would exist under the Indentures, (ii) the Company's Cash Flow Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Indentures) for the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters has been at least 1.5 to 1, and (iii) such cash dividend, together with the aggregate