to the corporate office space occupied by Equity Bank. In 1989, Equity Bank made a $15 million first mortgage real estate loan collateralized by the building in which Equity Bank s corporate office is located. In connection with the origination of this loan, Equity Bank obtained an option to purchase the building. The option period is from December 31, 1995 through June 30, 1996 at a price to be determined at the time of exercise. This loan was determined to be an in- substance foreclosure during 1990 and is included in foreclosed real estate at December 31, 1993 and 1992 (Note 4).
During 1993, the Company s Chemical Business acquired an additional nitric acid plant for approximately $1.9 million. The Chemical Business is in the process of moving such plant from Illinois and installing the plant in Arkansas. The Company anticipates the total expenditures to move and install the plant will be approximately $12 million, of which $1.9 million had been incurred at December 31, 1993.
Legal Matters
Following is a summary of certain legal actions involving the Company:
A. In 1987, the U.S. Government notified one of the Company s subsidiaries, along with numerous other companies, of potential responsibility for clean-up of a waste disposal site in Oklahoma. No legal action has yet been filed. The amount of the Company s cost associated with the clean- up of the site is unknown due to continuing changes in (i) the estimated total cost of clean-up of the site and (ii) the percentage of the total waste which was alleged to have been contributed to the site by the Company, accordingly, no provision for any liability which may result has been made in the accompanying financial statements. The subsidiary s insurance carriers have been notified of this matter; however, the amount of possible coverage, if any, is not yet determinable.
B. The primary manufacturing facility of the Company s Chemical Business has been placed in the Environmental Protection Agency s ( EPA ) tracking s