o implement Order 636. ANR Pipeline expects that it will incur transition costs of approximately $150 million. As a result of the recovery mechanisms provided under Order 636, ANR Pipeline anticipates that these transition costs will not have a material adverse effect on ANR Pipeline's consolidated financial position or its results of operations.
RATE MATTERS
ANR PIPELINE. All of ANR Pipeline's 1993 service options were subject to rate regulation by the FERC. Under the NGA, ANR Pipeline must file with the FERC to establish or adjust its service rates. The FERC may also initiate proceedings to determine whether ANR Pipeline rates are "just and reasonable."
On March 10, 1992, ANR Pipeline submitted to the FERC a comprehensive Interim Settlement designed to resolve all outstanding issues resulting from its 1989 rate case and its 1990 proposed service restructuring proceeding. The Interim Settlement involved, inter alia, an array of new sales, delivery, transportation and storage service alternatives and the implementation of a gas inventory charge, designed to compensate ANR Pipeline for the costs of standing ready to serve its sales customers. The Interim Settlement reflected a decrease in cost of service of approximately $45 million, which was largely attributable to a reduction in depreciation rates from 3.4% to 1.82%. Also included was a provision which allowed ANR Pipeline to direct bill its customers for its remaining unrecovered purchased gas costs. The Interim Settlement became effective November 1, 1992 and expired with ANR Pipeline's implementation of Order 636 on November 1, 1993. Specific provisions of the Interim Settlement relating to the deferral and future recovery of certain costs remain in effect.
On December 17, 1992, the FERC issued a policy statement that outlined changes on how pipelines may recover the costs of employees' postretirement benefits other than pensions. The FERC's policy will be to recognize, as a component of jurisdictional cost-bas