es. In addition, ANR Pipeline received approximately 32% of its gas supply from Canadian suppliers and 6% from a producer of synthetic fuels. The border price of gas originating in Canada has been based on policies, established in 1984 by the NEB and the OFE, allowing exporters and importers to negotiate market-responsive prices.
Gas purchase contracts with producers generally provide for minimum purchase obligations based on estimated reserves under the well, the well's ability to produce or allowable gas takes set by state regulatory agencies. The prices paid depend upon, among other things, contractual requirements, market conditions, and the quality, condition of delivery and location of the gas. Under the NGWDA, effective July 26, 1989, all gas which would otherwise continue to be subject to price controls under the NGPA was deregulated over a three-year period and complete deregulation became effective January 1, 1993.
Some of ANR Pipeline's remaining gas purchase contracts with independent producers contain provisions which require taking minimum volumes and/or making prepayments for volumes not taken if purchases fall below specified levels during the contract year ("take-or-pay"). Additional information on take-or-pay matters is set forth in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included herein.
GAS STORAGE
ANR Pipeline owns seven and leases eight underground storage facilities in Michigan. The total working storage capacity of the system is approximately 193 Bcf, with a maximum day delivery capacity of 2 Bcf as late as the end of February. However, of the 193 Bcf, ANR Pipeline has proposed to the FERC to reclassify 62.1 Bcf of working gas to recoverable base gas. ANR Pipeline also has the contract rights for 42 Bcf of storage capacity provided by Blue Lake Gas Storage Company, 30 Bcf of storage capacity provided by ANR Storage and 10 Bcf of storage capacity provided by Michigan Consolidated Gas Company. The contract with Michigan Consoli