idents occurring during a policy year would be approximately $555,000.
The Company is insured as to its interest in Beaver Valley Unit 1 and the Perry Plant under property damage insurance provided by American Nuclear Insurers (ANI) and Mutual Atomic Energy Liability Underwriters (MAELU) to the operating company for each plant. Under the ANI/MAELU arrangements, $500,000,000 of primary coverage and $800,000,000 of excess coverage for decontamination costs, debris removal and repair and/or replacement of property is provided for Beaver Valley Unit 1 and the Perry
Plant. The Company pays annual premiums for this coverage and is not liable for retrospective assessments.
A secondary level of coverage for Beaver Valley Unit 1 and the Perry Plant over and above the ANI/MAELU policy is provided by a decontamination liability, excess property and decommissioning liability insurance policy issued to each operating company by NEIL (NEIL II). Under NEIL II a minimum of $1,400,000,000 of coverage is available to pay costs required for decontamination operations in excess of the $1,350,000,000 provided by the primary ANI/MAELU policy. Additionally, a maximum of $250,000,000, as provided by NEIL II, would cover decommissioning costs in excess of funds already collected for decommissioning. Any remaining portion of the NEIL II proceeds after payment of decontamination costs will be available to pay excess property damage losses.Members of NEIL II pay annual premiums and are subject to assessments if losses exceed the accumulated funds available to the insurer. The Company's present maximum assessment for NEIL II coverage for accidents occurring during a policy year would be approximately $2,100,000. The NEIL II policy is renewable yearly.
The Company intends to maintain insurance against nuclear risks as described above as long as it is available. To the extent that replacement power, property damage, decontamination, decommissioning, repair and replacement costs and other such cos