elcap, Reibman and the counterclaim defendants settled the litigation and all claims made by the parties were dismissed with prejudice.
In June 1993, the Delaware Coastal Zone Industrial Control Board (the "Board") adopted regulations (the "Regulations") under Delaware's Coastal Zone Act which would, among other things, prohibit the Company from constructing new power-generating facilities or expanding any of its existing power-generating facilities outside a designated boundary. In July 1993, the Company filed a complaint in the Delaware Superior Court seeking to have the Regulations declared null and void. In addition, the Company joined with
I-23
other affected parties in filing a complaint in July 1993 in the Delaware Chancery Court. The Chancery Court complaint alleges procedural violations of the Freedom of Information Act by the Board in the passage of the Regulations and requests that the Regulations be declared null and void. The Company cannot predict the outcome of either of these lawsuits.
On December 14, 1993, Star filed a complaint against the Company in Delaware Chancery Court alleging that the Company overcharged it for pension and tax- related costs under a contract entered into by the parties' predecessors in 1955. The complaint asks for a refund and damages totalling $9.3 million. While the Company believes that it did not overcharge Star and is defending its position, it cannot predict the outcome of the lawsuit.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
No matter was submitted during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise.
I-24
PART II
ITEM 5.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The Company's common stock is listed on the New York and Philadelphia Stock Exchanges and has unlisted trading privileges on the Cincinnati, Midwest, and Pacific Stock Exchanges and had the following div