er of the termination of the outside director as a member of the Company's Board of Directors or the fifth anniversary of the date such option was granted. No options are currently outstanding under the Outside Director Plan.
Termination of Employment and Change in Control Arrangements. In 1989 and 1991, the Company entered into severance agreements with Jack E. Golsen, Barry H. Golsen, Tony M. Shelby, David R. Goss, David Shear and certain other executive officers of the Company and subsidiaries of the Company.
Each severance agreement provides (among other things) that if, within twenty-four (24) months after the occurrence of a change in control (as defined) of the Company, the Company terminates the officer's employment other than for cause (as defined) or the officer terminates his employment for good reason (as defined) the Company must pay the officer an amount equal to 2.9 times the officer's base amount (as defined). The phrase "base amount" means
the average annual gross compensation paid by the Company to the officer and includable in the officer's gross income during the period consisting of the most recent five (5) year period immediately preceding the change in control. If the officer has been employed by the Company for less than 5 years, the base amount is calculated with respect to the most recent number of taxable years ending before the change in control that the officer worked for the Company.
The severance agreements provide that a "change in control" means a change in control of the Company of a nature that would require the filing of a Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and, in any event, would mean when: (1) any individual, firm, corporation, entity or group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of thirty percent (30%) or more of the combined voting power of the Company's outstanding voting securities having the right to vote 