 in 1993 to increase reliance on private contracts which, coupled with traffic that has been exempted from regulation by the ICC (e.g., boxcar and intermodal traffic), presently account for over 80 percent of freight operating revenues. Thus, a major portion of NS' railroads' freight business is not economically regulated by the government. In general, market forces have been substituted for government regulation and now are the primary determinant of rail service prices.
In 1993, the ICC found NS' railroads "revenue adequate" based on results for the year 1992. A railroad is "revenue adequate" under the Interstate Commerce Act when its return on net investment exceeds the rail industry's cost of capital. The condition of "revenue adequacy" determines whether a railroad can take advantage of a provision in the Interstate Commerce Act allowing freedom to increase regulated rates by a specific percentage. However, with the decreasing importance of regulated tariff traffic to NS' railroads, the ICC's "revenue adequacy" findings have less impact than formerly.
Pricing and service flexibility afforded by the Motor Carrier Act of 1980 and the Household Goods Transportation Act of 1980 has resulted in NAVL's increased emphasis on innovative pricing action in order to remain competitive. Since 1980, NAVL has increasingly operated as a contract carrier. As of December 31, 1993, domestic contract carriage agreements accounted for the following percentage of shipments: RS Division, 31.9 percent and HVP Division, 72.7 percent; the CT Division was discontinued in June of 1993.
PASSENGER OPERATIONS. Regularly scheduled passenger operations on NS' lines consist of Amtrak trains operating between Alexandria and New Orleans, and between Charlotte and Selma, N.C. Former Amtrak operations between East St. Louis and Centralia, Il., were discontinued by Amtrak November 3, 1993. Commuter trains continued operations on the NS line between Manassas and Alexandria under contract with two tr