ber 1993. An affiliate of the General Partner was retained in October 1993 to manage the properties. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for additional information.
In July 1992, a joint venture consisting of the Partnership and an affiliated partnership foreclosed on the Sand Pebble Village Apartments. In March 1992, the Resolution Trust Company acquired the Sand Dune Apartments (now known as Sand Pebble Village II Apartments) through foreclosure, which is adjacent to Sand Pebble Village Apartments. The Sand Pebble and Sand Pebble II Apartments had been operated jointly prior to the respective foreclosures. The Partnership and the affiliated partnership concluded that it would be in their best interests to acquire the Sand Pebble Village II Apartments in order to obtain efficiencies in the management of this property and Sand Pebble Village and, consequently, to enhance the sale potential of Sand Pebble Village Apartments. In October 1993 a joint venture consisting of the Partnership and the affiliated partnership acquired the Sand Pebble Village II Apartments, for a purchase price of $9,300,000. The joint venture paid $4,300,000 in cash, of which the Partnership's share was $1,932,909. The remainder of the purchase price was paid with the proceeds of a $5,000,000 first mortgage loan.
In February 1994, the Partnership entered into a contract for the sale of the Hammond Aire Plaza Shopping Center to an unaffiliated party for $16,300,000, the closing of which is expected to occur in 1994. See Item 1. Other Information.
The loan collateralized by the Noland Fashion Square Shopping Center has been recorded by the Partnership as an investment in acquisition loan. The Partnership has recorded its share of the collateral property operations as equity in loss from investment in acquisition loan. The Partnership's share of the loss has no effect on the cash flow of the Partnership, and amounts representing contractually required debt service are recorded as interest income.
Distr