ies from a variety of sources, generally from more than one supplier. The sources are based in both the United States and foreign countries. The Company believes that its sources of raw materials are adequate for its needs.
Patents, Licenses and Trademarks
The Company owns numerous unexpired United States patents (having an initial duration of 17 years and expiring at various times in the future), United States design patents and foreign patents (having an initial term that is governed by the law of the country and expiring at various times in the future), including counterparts of certain of its United States patents, in major industrial countries of the world. The Company's products are marketed under various trade names and registered United States and foreign trademarks (having an initial term that is governed by the law of the country and expiring at various times in the future). However, the Company does not consider any one patent or trademark or any group thereof essential to its business as a whole, or to any of its business segments. The Company relies, to an extent, on proprietary product knowledge and manufacturing processes in its operations.
Following the removal of the distinctive modifier "Transamerica" from the corporate name prior to the Distribution, the Company changed its name to "Imo Delaval Inc." in 1986 and to "Imo Industries Inc." in 1989. The Company's use of the name "Delaval" is restricted as a result of a contract by which the Company's assets were acquired from their former Swedish owner preceding the acquisition of the Company by Transamerica. The Company is permitted to use the "Delaval" name in connection with certain products of the Turbomachinery segment although rights to the name are also retained by the former Swedish owner.
Research and Development
The Company's ongoing research and development programs involve the development of new technologies to enhance the performance or lower the cost of manufacturing the Company's produc