ing for and opening a Schwab One (registered trademark) Brokerage Account. A customer may remove available funds from his or her Schwab One account either with a personal check or a VISA debit card. If a Schwab One customer is approved for margin trading, which most are, the checks and debit card also provide access to margin cash available. For cash
- 5 - THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
balances awaiting investment, Schwab pays interest to Schwab One (registered trademark) customers at a discretionary rate of interest. Alternatively, Schwab One customers seeking tax-exempt interest income may elect to have cash balances swept into one of three tax-exempt money market mutual funds, including two that are available through the SchwabFunds (registered trademark). During 1993, the number of active Schwab One accounts increased 19% and the customer assets in all Schwab One accounts increased 42%. The Company considers all customer accounts with cash balances, positions or trading activity within the preceding twelve months to be active.
Schwab acts as custodian, as well as broker, for Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs). In Schwab IRAs, cash balances are swept daily into one of three SchwabFunds money market mutual funds. During 1993, active IRAs increased 31% and customer assets in all IRAs increased 53%. Schwab also acts as custodian and broker for Keogh accounts.
During 1992, Schwab introduced an IRA that does not carry an annual fee for accounts with balances of $10,000 or more, which was offered to existing and prospective IRA customers. The Company had previously charged an annual account fee of $22 on virtually all IRAs. At December 31, 1993, over two-thirds of the Company's 760,000 active IRAs were included in the no-annual-fee program. In order for the Company to maintain a competitive pricing structure, this lifetime no-annual-fee offer will continue through 1994.
Customer Financing. Customers' securities transactions are effected on either a cash or margin b