UCT staff has begun a rulemaking process for such rules, and GSU is actively participating in this process. GSU has not yet filed a Least Cost Plan with the LPSC.
Fuel Recovery. In January 1993, the PUCT adopted a new rule for setting a fixed fuel factor that is intended to recover projected allowable fuel and purchased power costs not covered by base rates. To the extent actual costs vary from the fixed factor, the PUCT may require refunds of overcharges or permit recovery of undercharges. Under the new rule, fuel factors are to be revised every six months, and GSU is on a schedule providing for revision each March and September. The PUCT is required to act within 60 or 90 days, depending on whether or not a hearing is required, and refunds and surcharges will be required based upon a materiality threshold of 4% of Texas retail fuel revenues. Fuel charges will also be subject to reconciliation proceedings every three years, at which time additional adjustments may be required (see "Texas Jurisdiction - Fuel Reconciliation," above). All of GSU's rate schedules in Louisiana include a fuel adjustment clause to recover the cost of fuel and purchased power energy costs. The fuel adjustment reflects the delivered cost of fuel for the second preceding month.
LP&L
LPSC Jurisdiction. In a series of LPSC orders, court decisions, and agreements from late 1985 to mid-1988, LP&L was granted rate relief with respect to costs associated with Waterford 3 and LP&L's share of capacity and energy from Grand Gulf l, subject to certain terms and conditions. With respect to Waterford 3, LP&L was granted an increase aggregating $170.9 million over the period 1985-1988, and LP&L agreed to permanently absorb, and not recover from retail ratepayers, $284 million of its investment in the unit and to defer $266 million of its costs related to the years 1985-1988 to be recovered over approximately 8.6 years beginning in April 1988. As of December 31, 1993, LP&L's unrecovered deferral balance w