 arrears.
$8.50 Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B.
In connection with the Association's acquisition of assets of four Rhode Island financial institutions, and the issuance of deposit accounts in the Association to depositors in those institutions, the Company issued and sold to the Rhode Island Depositors Economic Protection Corporation, 351,700 shares of a new class of preferred stock, the $8.50 Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series B. Accordingly, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company was amended by adding a new Certificate of Designation for the Series B preferred stock. The Certificate of Designation authorizes the issuance of a total of 540,000 shares of the Series B preferred stock.
Under the Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement) entered into with DEPCO in connection with the acquisition, DEPCO has the right to transfer its interest in the Series B preferred stock to another instrumentality or agency of the State of Rhode Island and such entity would be a "Nominee" within the meaning of the Stock Purchase Agreement. On June 24, 1992, the Company was advised by DEPCO that it had transferred its interest in the Series B preferred stock to the Rhode Island State Investment Commission (RISIC). On September 28, 1993, RISIC transferred its interest in the Series B preferred stock to DEPCO.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)
The Certificate of Designation for the Series B preferred stock increases the Company's Board of Directors by two and gives DEPCO or any Nominee as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement the right to elect two directors so long as DEPCO or a Nominee holds at least 211,020 shares of the Series B preferred stock (one director if DEPCO or the Nominee holds less than that number but at least 105,510 of the Series B preferred stock). Two directors were elected by the RISIC and seated at the meeting of the directors on July 24, 1992. The same two individuals conti