s in shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 1992. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the, financial statement schedules for the periods ended September 30, 1992. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Trust's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Commonwealth Equity Trust and affiliates at September 30, 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 1992, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Trust will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 14 to the financial statements, the Trust's recurring losse