93, LDEQ adopted regulations requiring permanent reductions in nitrogen oxides emissions at Willow Glen and Louisiana Station and is considering requirements for further reductions. The estimates for actions necessary to comply with these regulations are included in the discussion under "Clean Air Legislation," above. GSU believes these regulations implement the intent of the 1990 order, and actions beyond those required by the regulations will not be required.
LP&L and NOPSI. LP&L and NOPSI have received notices from time to time between 1986 and 1993 from the EPA and/or the states of Louisiana and Mississippi that each or either of the companies may be a PRP for cleanup costs associated with disposal sites that are currently in various stages of remediation in Arkansas, Illinois, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Missouri that are neither owned nor operated by any System company.
As to one Missouri site, LP&L's and NOPSI's aggregate liability is currently estimated not to exceed $558,000, and because of the type and the large number of PRP's (over 700, including many large utilities and national and international corporations), LP&L and NOPSI do not expect liabilities in excess of this amount. For the other Missouri site, LP&L and the other 64 PRP's (including several large, creditworthy utility companies) have received an EPA demand to pay approximately $1.2 million expended by the EPA. In June of 1993, LP&L paid $12,392 in full payment of its share of the cleanup costs. LP&L considers cleanup at this site to be complete.
As to the two Saline County, Arkansas sites (involving AP&L, GSU, and LP&L), LP&L has been advised that current estimates for total cleanup are approximately $6.0 million. LP&L believes that, because of the number and nature of the PRP's, its exposure for these sites will not be material. Initial indications are that LP&L was involved in the Saline sites, but LP&L believes that because of the limited scope of its involvement and the number and nature 