s are charged for depreciation of the facilities and the imputed interest on the rental obligations in lieu of actual rental payments.
Oil and Gas Exploration and Development Costs
The company follows the successful efforts method of accounting for its oil and gas activities.
Acquisition costs of exploratory acreage are capitalized. Full amortization of the nonproductive portion of such costs is provided over the shorter of the exploratory period or the lease holding period. Costs of successful leases are transferred to proved properties. Exploratory drilling costs are initially capitalized. If exploratory wells are determined to be commercially unsuccessful, the related costs are expensed. Geological and geophysical costs for exploration and leasehold rentals for unproved properties are expensed.
Development costs of proved properties are capitalized.
Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
Depreciation, depletion and amortization related to proved oil and gas properties and estimated future abandonment and removal costs for offshore production platforms are calculated at unit of production rates based upon estimated proved recoverable reserves.
Depreciation of other properties is generally on a straight-line method using various rates based on estimated useful lives.
Maintenance and Repairs
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed. In general, improvements are charged to the respective property accounts and such accounts are relieved of the original cost of property replaced.
Retirement and Disposal of Properties
Upon retirement of facilities depreciated on an individual basis, remaining book values are charged to current depreciation expense. For facilities depreciated on a group basis, remaining book values are charged to accumulated allowances. Gains or losses on sales of properties are included in current earnings.
Income Taxes
Effective January 1, 1992, the company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting f