ived forbearances, approvals and waivers related to certain regulatory requirements, which were for specified periods of time in some instances. These included, among other things, approval for the purchase and financing, with full recourse, of affiliates accounts receivable and forbearances related to the Qualified Thrift Lender regulatory requirements, among other things. The maximum amount of the receivables purchased could not exceed $60 million. In March 1993, the five- year waiver from regulatory limitations expired and the balance of purchased receivables is now subject to transactions with affiliates limitations as set forth in Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (FRA). Equity Bank was notified by regulatory authorities that it is expected to be in full compliance with FRA 23A and 23B no later than September 1, 1994. The balance of these purchased accounts receivable at December 31, 1993 and 1992 is $33.6 million and $32.4 million, respectively. At December 31, 1993, approximately $24.4 million of these receivables were in excess of the FRA 23A and 23B limitations. The Company is presently in process of obtaining alternative financing to meet its working capital needs.
Regulations for savings institutions minimum capital requirements went into effect on December 7, 1989. In addition to the capital requirements, FIRREA includes provisions for changes in the federal regulatory structure for institutions, including a new deposit insurance system, increased deposit insurance premiums, and restricted investment activities with respect to noninvestment-grade corporate debt and certain other investments. FIRREA also increases the required ratio of housing related assets needed to qualify as a savings institution.
LSB Industries, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
5. Financial Services Subsidiaries (See Note 1 for Discussion of Proposed Sale of Equity Bank) (continued)
As a federally chartered institution and a member of the Fede