s of road in North Carolina. The leases expire in 1994, and NS is discussing renewals with the lessor (see also page 6).
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
11. Pension Plans
Norfolk Southern and certain subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans which principally cover salaried employees. Pension benefits are based primarily on years of creditable service with NS and compensation rates near retirement. Contributions to the plans are made on the basis of not less than the minimum funding standards set forth in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Assets in the plans consist mainly of common stocks.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
11. Pension Plans (continued)
Early Retirement Program - ------------------------ During 1993, NS completed a voluntary early retirement program for salaried employees that resulted in a $42.4 million charge in compensation and benefits expense. The principal benefit for those who participated in the program was enhanced pension benefits which are reflected in the accumulated benefit obligation at December 31, 1993.
Transfer of Pension Plan Assets - ------------------------------- During 1991, the NS Retirement Plan was amended to establish a Section 401(h) account for the purpose of transferring a portion of pension plan assets in excess of the projected actuarial liability to fund current- year medical payments for retirees. In December 1993, 1992 and 1991, $13 million, $15 million and $14.5 million, respectively, were transferred from this account to reimburse NS for such payments. NS contributed equal amounts to a Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association account in those years to fund future medical costs for retirees (see Note 12).
401(k) Plan - ----------- Norfolk Southern and certain subsidiaries provide a 401(k) savings plan for salaried employees. Under the plan, NS matches a portion of th