ement for the Oak Grove Sanitary Landfill in Oak Grove Township, Minnesota. The estimated cost to remediate this site is approximately $6 million. Onan has agreed to contribute $127,000 to cover its share of the cost of remediation. Onan is in the process of seeking insurance reimbursement (which is being contested by the insurers) and contributions from other PRPs, which could reduce this amount.
At the Old City Landfill in Columbus, Indiana, the Company and two other PRPs have entered into a Consent Order with the Indiana Department of Environmental Management to implement the Record of Decision issued by EPA in 1992. The cost to implement the Consent Order is estimated to be approximately $300,000 based upon current conditions at the site. The Company's share of this expense will be approximately 50 percent. At the Purity Oil Site located in Fresno, California, a subsidiary of the Company has been identified as a PRP and is one of several PRPs who have been issued an order by EPA to undertake remedial action at the site. The Company's subsidiary has contributed $150,000 toward the first phase of remedial action at the site. While the subsidiary's liability for future expenditures has not been determined, the Company estimates that its percentage contribution of hazardous waste to the site was less than 1 percent. It is unclear whether the Company's share of future remediation cost will be based upon its proportionate share of waste contributed to the site. The costs of future remediation have not yet been determined but are likely to exceed the cost of the first phase of remedial action. As a result, the Company's share of such future expenses is likely to exceed amounts spent to date at this site. The Company believes that it has adequate reserves to cover its share of future expenses at each of these sites.
With respect to other sites at which the Company or its subsidiaries have been named as PRPs, the Company cannot estimate reasonably the future remediation 