ITEM 1. BUSINESS.
GENERAL
Household International, Inc. ("Household International" or the "Company") is a publicly owned corporation which, with its subsidiaries, provides a broad range of diversified financial services for individuals and businesses. The Company employs approximately 16,900 people and serves approximately 17 million customers in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Australia. In 1993 Household International was ranked as the 61st largest publicly owned company, based on total assets by Forbes magazine which annually lists the 500 largest public corporations in the United States. The Company's operations are divided into three business segments: Finance and Banking, Individual Life Insurance, and Liquidating Commercial Lines.
Household International was created in 1981 as a result of a shareholder approved restructuring of Household Finance Corporation ("HFC"), a publicly owned corporation since 1925, whereby Household International became a holding company for various subsidiaries, including HFC. At that time Household International had operations in the financial services, manufacturing, transportation and merchandising industries.
In 1985 the Company began to restructure its operations away from being a diversified conglomerate. This action resulted in the disposition of its merchandising (1985), transportation (1986) and manufacturing (1989-1990) businesses, including the spin-off to its common stock shareholders of three manufacturing companies in 1989: Eljer Industries, Inc., Schwitzer, Inc. and Scotsman Industries, Inc.
The products offered by Household International, a description of the geographic markets in which the Company operates and summary financial information for each of the Company's business segments is set forth in the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders (the "1993 Annual Report"), portions of which are incorporated herein by reference. See pages 12, 13 and 33 through 80 of the 1993 Annual Report. The Company ma