th anniversaries of October 21, 1993, and (2) all shares purchased by the Executive upon exercise of such rights shall at all times be "free shares" as defined in the Incentive Stock Plan and, as such, shall not be subject to any restrictions as to sale or disposition or any obligation to offer to resell such shares to the Company as set forth in Section 8 of the Incentive Stock Plan.
vii. The Company agrees to take any action necessary to carry out the terms of the stock purchase rights granted to the Executive under paragraphs iv., v. and vi. above, including but not limited to causing the Incentive Stock Plan to be amended, if necessary, and waiving any rights that the Company may otherwise have with respect to enforcing restrictions on disposition of shares purchased by the Executive or requiring the Executive to offer to resell those shares to the Company. The Executive is relying on the Company's description of the income tax consequences relating to the purchase rights granted, and shares purchased, under the Incentive Stock Plan contained in the Prospectus dated March 5, 1992 for the Incentive Stock Plan and on the Company's assurance that these consequences will apply to the Executive's purchase rights under Sections 5b iv., v. and vi.
c. In the event of the death of the Executive during the Employment Period, the legal representative of the Executive shall be entitled to the base or fixed salary provided for in Section 5a above for the month in which the death shall have occurred, at the rate being paid at the time of death, and the Employment Period shall be deemed to have ended as of the close of business on the last day of the month in which the death shall have occurred, but without prejudice to any payments otherwise due in respect of the Executive's death, including any payment under Section 5b iv., or to any rights that the Executive's legal representative may have to exercise the purchase rights granted under Section 5b iv., v. and vi.
6. Perquisit