oal, chemicals, independent power production and trucking subsidiaries of Coastal are engaged in highly competitive businesses against competitors, some of which have significantly larger facilities and market share. See the discussion of competition under "Natural Gas Systems," "Refining, Marketing and Distribution" and "Exploration and Production" herein.
ENVIRONMENTAL
The Company's operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. The Company anticipates annual capital expenditures of $20 to $40 million over the next several years aimed at compliance with such laws and regulations. Additionally, appropriate governmental authorities may enforce the laws and regulations with a variety of civil and criminal enforcement measures, including monetary penalties and remediation requirements.
The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, also known as "Superfund," as reauthorized, imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original act, for disposal of a "hazardous substance." Certain subsidiaries of the Company have been named as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") in several "Superfund" waste disposal sites. At the 15 sites for which the EPA has developed sufficient information to estimate total clean-up costs of approximately $350 million, the Company estimates its pro-rata exposure to be paid over a period of several years is approximately $5 million and has made appropriate provisions. At 3 other sites, the EPA is currently unable to provide the Company with an estimate of total clean-up costs and, accordingly, the Company is unable to calculate its share of those costs. Finally, at 5 other sites, the Company has
paid amounts to other PRPs as its proportional share of associated clean-up costs. As to these latter sites, the Company believes that its activities were de minimis.
The following administrative proceedings and suits involve subsidiaries of the Company:
1. 