so included in the Oilfield Services segment.
On December 8, 1993, Registrant announced an agreement to sell its 29.5% interest in Western Atlas International, Inc. to a wholly owned subsidiary of Litton Industries, Inc. The sale closed on January 28,1994.
On January 19, 1994 shareholders of Registrant voted to approve the merger (the "Merger") of BCD Acquisition Corporation ("BCD"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Registrant, into Baroid Corporation ("Baroid"). The Merger was effective January 21, 1994 (the "Effective Date"), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") dated September 7, 1993, among Registrant, BCD and Baroid. Shareholders of Baroid on the Effective Date will receive 37,286,662 million shares of Registrant's Common Stock in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding shares of Baroid. In addition, approximately 3.6 million shares of Registrant's Common Stock are reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase Baroid common stock and for issuance pursuant to certain benefit plans assumed by Registrant. For financial reporting purposes, the Merger will be treated as a pooling of interests combination. Baroid operations include drilling fluids, drilling services and products and offshore services businesses. Further information concerning Baroid is included under the caption "Baroid" and Note R to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
In connection with the Merger, Registrant and Baroid announced December 23, 1993, that they reached an agreement with the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division")
pursuant to which Registrant must dispose of either its 64% interest in M-I Drilling Fluids Company or Baroid Drilling Fluids Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Baroid. In addition, Registrant must also dispose of the United States diamond drill bit business of DB Stratabit, Inc. ("DBS") and grant to the purchaser a non-exclusive license to manufacture steel-bodied diamond drill