T-TERM DEBT
The Company has a $15 million unsecured revolving line of credit facility with a bank which matures May 31, 1994. Depending on the Company's election at the time of borrowing, interest will be payable based on either the prime rate or the federal funds rate, fully floating in either case. At December 31, 1993, there were no amounts outstanding under this credit facility. However, $15 million was restricted under outstanding letters of credit. In addition, the Company has a $5 million unsecured revolving credit line with a bank which is restricted to use for letter of credit obligations and cash advances for up to 90 days. Interest rates applicable to such advances, if any, will be set at the time of borrowing. At December 31, 1993, $3.2 million was restricted under outstanding standby letters of credit, and there were no loan amounts outstanding.
Camrose Pipe Company (a 60 percent owned subsidiary) maintains a $10 million revolving credit facility with a bank, the proceeds of which may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The facility is collateralized by the assets of Camrose Pipe Company and expires on October 31, 1994. Depending on Camrose Pipe Company's election at the time of borrowing, interest will be payable based on (1) the bank's Canadian dollar prime rate, (2) the bank's United States dollar prime rate, or (3) the London Interbank Borrowing Rates ("LIBOR"). As of December 31, 1993, Camrose Pipe Company had $4.2 million outstanding under the facility.
CF&I maintains a $15 million revolving credit facility with a bank, the proceeds of which may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The facility is collateralized by the accounts receivables of CF&I and expires on May 24, 1994. Depending on CF&I's election at the time of borrowing, interest will be payable based on either the bank prime rate or LIBOR. As of December 31, 1993, CF&I had $10 million outstanding under this facility.
The Company's revolving 