nd April of 1993, high coupon MBS's totaling approximately $280.8 million were sold from the held-for-possible-sale portfolio generating gains of $14.9 million. In May and June of 1993, an additional $408.7 million in Treasury notes were sold from the held-for-possible-sale portfolio generating gains of $4.2 million. High coupon MBS's were sold to manage prepayment risk and Treasuries were sold to manage the duration risk of the portfolio.
The proceeds from the sale of these securities were used to purchase lower coupon mortgage-backed securities, shorter duration MBS balloons, shorter duration Treasuries, adjustable-rate mortgage pass-thrus, and short duration, stable, CMO's with more certain cash flows.
There were no material sales of securities held in the HTM portfolio in 1993.
CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT
Credit approval policies for the Corporation are designed to provide an effective and timely response to loan requests and to ensure the maintenance of a sound loan portfolio. The Corporation manages credit risk and the credit approval process by adhering to written policies which generally specify underwriting standards by industry and in some cases limit credit exposure by industry, country or product type. All such policies are reviewed and approved annually by the Board of Directors.
The Banks each establish individual loan authority levels based on the specific job responsibilities of their officers. The Banks also have loan committees which approve credit exposure above individual loan authorities. Larger credit exposures are reviewed by executive committees appointed by the Boards of Directors of the Banks.
The Loan Review function, which reports independently to the Board of Directors' Audit Committee, annually reviews all lending units in the Corporation. It also maintains a continuous review of the loan portfolio to ensure the accuracy of risk ratings, to verify the identification of problem credits, to provide executive management with an independent and 