ecurities brokers under the Illinois Securities Act constitutes a violation of such Act, and that the Plaintiff, and all others who purchased securities through the individual or corporate defendants, should be permitted to rescind their purchases and recover their principal plus 10% interest per year, less any amounts received. The predecessor partnerships' securities were properly registered in Illinois and the basis of the action relates solely to the alleged failure of the Broker Dealer to be properly registered.
In November 1988, Plaintiff's class action claims were dismissed by the Court. Amended complaints, including additional named plaintiffs, were filed subsequent to the dismissal of the class action claims. Motions to dismiss were filed on behalf of the predecessor partnerships and the other co-defendants. In December 1989, the Court ordered that the predecessor partnerships and the other co-defendants rescind sales of any plaintiff that brought suit within three years of the date of sale. Under the Court's order of December 1989, one of the predecessor partnerships rescinded sales of $41,500 of units.
Plaintiffs appealed, among other items, the Court's order with respect to plaintiffs that brought suit after three years of the date of sale In February 1993, the Appellate court ruled that the statute of limitations was tolled during the pendency of the class action claims. Therefore, those investors that brought suit within 3.6 years and potentially 4 years from the date of sale may be entitled to rescission. The Company and the other co- defendants sought leave to appeal before the Illinois Supreme Court and on October 6, 1993, the leave to appeal was denied. Plaintiff's claims are now pending in Circuit Court. Plaintiffs have indicated that they will file amended complaints against the predecessor partnerships and other co- defendants. The amended complaints will include both individual and class claims. The individual and corporate defendants sold a to