oss) for such quarter before depreciation of real estate owned, amortization, gains on sales of investments and extraordinary items.
"Shareholders' Equity" means, at any date, (i) shareholders' equity of the Borrower (as set forth in the Borrower's most recent statement of shareholders' equity) plus (ii) the sum as of such date of subscriptions receivable, deferred compensation, treasury stock (valued at cost) and changes in accumulated dividends in excess of the Borrower's net income (utilizing a base amount of $79,434,000 per the June 30, 1992 financial statements of the Borrower).
"Total Liabilities" means, at any date, all obligations of the Borrower on such date in respect of capital leases, mortgages payable, notes payable, senior notes, convertible debentures and secured or unsecured bank debt.
Section 5.2. Minimum Shareholders' Equity. The Borrower will not permit Shareholders' Equity to be less than $225,000,000 as of the last day of any calendar quarter.
Section 5.3. Total Liabilities to Shareholders' Equity Ratio. The Borrower will not permit the ratio of (i) Total Liabilities to (ii) Shareholders' Equity to exceed 2.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of any calendar quarter.
Section 5.4. Minimum Funds From Operations. The Borrower will not permit Funds From Operations to be less than (i) $7,000,000 for any calendar quarter or (ii) $30,000,000 in the aggregate for any period of four consecutive calendar quarters.
Section 5.5 Limitation on Dividends. The Borrower will not (i) during any six consecutive calendar quarters pay dividends which exceed 135% of the Funds From Operations for such six quarter period or (ii) during any two consecutive calendar quarters pay dividends which exceed 175% of the Funds From Operation for such two quarter period.
ARTICLE VI
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER
The Borrower agrees that so long as the Bank is committed to make Advances hereunder or any amount payable hereunder or under the Note remains unpaid:
Section 6.1. Inform