 modification or vacation shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any contractual right, property right, lien, security interest or priority authorized hereby with respect to any of the Rents or the other Assigned Payments which are deemed by this Agreement to be Cash Collateral and which have been used pursuant to this Agreement and the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding such stay, modification or vacation, any uses of Rents or the other Assigned Payments after the effective date of such modification, stay or vacation, shall be governed in all respects by the original provisions of this Agreement, and Lender shall be entitled to all of the rights, privileges and benefits, including any interest, liens, security interests, priorities and collection rights granted herein, with respect to all Rents and other Assigned Payments which are used thereafter. Unless it explicitly consents in writing at the time of such modification, stay or vacation, Lender does not by the terms hereof consent to any modifications of this Agreement.
17. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
18. Benefit. This Agreement shall to the extent legally permissible be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of Lender, Borrower, Manager and their respective successors and assigns, including, but not limited to, any trustee that may be appointed under the Bankruptcy Code or any state court receiver. The provisions of paragraph 12 of this Agreement shall be binding upon General Partners and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, estates and representatives. In no event or under any circumstances shall any third party be deemed a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.
19. Consent to Agreement. Borrower and each General Partner acknowledges for itself that it has thoroughly read and reviewed the terms and provisions of this Agreement and is familiar with same, that t