ITEM 1. BUSINESS
THE COMPANY
Delmarva Power & Light Company (the Company) was incorporated in Delaware in 1909 and in Virginia in 1979. The Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries, also incorporated in Delaware, include Delmarva Energy Company, Delmarva Industries, Inc., Delmarva Services Company, and Delmarva Capital Investments, Inc. For a discussion of the Company's subsidiaries, see "Subsidiaries" on page I-11.
The Company is a public utility which provides electric service on the Delmarva Peninsula in an area consisting of about 5,700 square miles with a population of approximately one million. The Company also provides gas service in an area consisting of about 275 square miles with a population of approximately 457,000 in northern Delaware, including the City of Wilmington.
SEGMENT INFORMATION
See Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Company's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders filed as Exhibit 13.
COMPETITION
Competition is increasing for certain electric and gas energy markets historically served by regulated utilities. In recent years, changing laws and governmental regulations, interest in self-generation, and competition from nonregulated energy suppliers are providing some utility customers with alternative sources to satisfy their electric and gas needs.
Electric Business
The Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (PURPA) facilitated the entry of potential competitors into the electric generation business. Under PURPA, a utility may be required to purchase the electricity generated by qualifying facilities at prices reflecting the utility's avoided cost as determined by utility procedures or state regulatory bodies.
The Energy Policy Act of 1992 (the Energy Act) enabled the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to order the provision of transmission service (wheeling of electricity) for wholesale (resale) electricity producers and also provided for the creation of a new category of electric power producer