taxes. To date, efforts to sell Burlington have been unsuccessful, therefore, an additional $1.1 million reserve was recorded in the fourth quarter. The plant has been closed and Burlington has begun the liquidation of its assets. Please see Note 13 to the consolidated Financial Statements for further detail.
In 1990, the Company decided to discontinue the operations of The Dartmouth Company. As of this date, Dartmouth has sold, or otherwise disposed of, all of its properties. As a result of the successful resolution of material uncertainties related to the disposition of the Company's real estate operations, the Company reversed a total of $1.8 million of its reserve for losses from discontinued operations during 1991. Please see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail.
Employees
Consumers Water Company and its subsidiaries employed 693 people as of December 31, 1993, of which 504 are employed by the Consumers Water Subsidiaries. Non-supervisory personnel at Ohio, Shenango Valley, Consumers Illinois, Roaring Creek, Inter-State and Pennsylvania water companies were covered by collective bargaining agreements. Employee relations are considered by management to be satisfactory throughout the Company.
Foreign Operations
The Company had no foreign operations or export sales in 1993.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties.
(a)Description
See Item 1. "Consumers Water Subsidiaries" for description of Consumers' principal properties, and encumbrances thereon.
Consumers' properties are located as follows:
Illinois
(1) Consumers Illinois Water Company with five divisions in Kankakee, University Park, Sublette, Oak Run and Candlewick, Illinois. (2) Inter-State Water Company located in Danville, Illinois.
Ohio
(3) Ohio Water Service Company with corporate offices in Poland and five operating districts located in Massillon, Struthers, Mahoning Valley, Geneva and Mentor, Ohio. (4) Masury Water Company located in Trumbull County, Ohio.
Pennsylvania
(5) Pennsylvan