ilure to maintain specified levels of net capital would constitute a default by CSC under certain debt covenants.
"Net capital" is essentially defined as net worth (assets minus liabilities), plus qualifying subordinated borrowings, less certain deductions that result from excluding assets that are not readily convertible into cash and from conservatively valuing certain other assets. These deductions include charges that discount the value of firm security positions to reflect the possibility of adverse changes in market value prior to disposition.
During 1991, the SEC adopted Net Capital Rule amendments which limit withdrawals of equity capital from broker-dealers. The amendments require notice of withdrawals be provided to the SEC prior to and subsequent to withdrawals exceeding certain sizes. The amendments prohibit withdrawals that would reduce a broker-dealer's net capital to an amount less than 25% of its deductions required by the Net Capital Rule as to its security positions. The amendments also allow the SEC, under limited circumstances, to restrict a broker-dealer from withdrawing net capital for up to 20 business days.
Schwab has elected the alternative method of calculation under paragraph (a)(1)(ii) of the Net Capital Rule, which requires a broker-dealer to maintain minimum net capital equal to 2% of its "aggregate debit items", computed in accordance with the Formula for Determination of Reserve Requirements for Brokers and Dealers (SEC Rule 15c3-3). "Aggregate debit items" are assets that have as their source transactions with customers, primarily margin loans. Under the alternative method of the Net Capital Rule, a broker-dealer may not (a) pay, or permit the payment or withdrawal of, any subordinated borrowings or (b) pay cash dividends or permit equity capital to be removed if, after giving effect to such payment, withdrawal, or removal, its net capital would be less than 5% of its aggregate debit items.
Under NYSE Rule 326, Schwab is required to 