o $3.1 billion in 1993, reflecting substantial growth in both domestic and international sales as the worldwide market for computer products expanded and manufacturers increasingly turned to wholesale distributors for distribution of their products. The Company's net income as a percentage of sales, or net margin, improved over this period, largely as a result of management's success in reducing selling, general and administrative expenses and interest expense, expressed as a percentage of sales, to more than offset declines in the Company's gross margin to more than offset lower gross margins.
On January 31, 1994, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets of the ComputerLand Business from ComputerLand Corporation. See "Business-- ComputerLand Business." For its fiscal year ended September 30, 1993, the ComputerLand Business generated revenues of approximately $1.1 billion, gross profit of $54.7 million and income from operations of $16.6 million. See "-- Acquisition of ComputerLand Business."
The Company anticipates that it will continue to experience downward pressure on gross margins due to industry price competition. In addition, the Company's recently acquired ComputerLand Business generates lower gross margins than the Company's existing wholesale distribution business. However, the ComputerLand Business has lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales than the Company's existing wholesale distribution business. See "-- Acquisition of ComputerLand Business." Although Merisel expects that it will be able to continue to reduce selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales, no assurance can be given as to whether such reductions will, in fact, occur or as to the actual amount of any such reductions. To the extent gross margins continue to decline and the Company is not successful in reducing selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales, the Company will experience a nega