 Control Act and proposed a penalty of $24,000. Settlement discussions have been held in each of these cases and it is expected that these matters will be resolved shortly.
On June 18, 1993, OPCo was served with a complaint issued by Region V, Federal EPA which alleged violations by Muskingum River Plant of the Toxic Substances Control Act and proposed a penalty of $87,000. In February 1994, OPCo paid a penalty of $12,185 and agreed to undertake supplemental environmental projects in 1994 valued at $61,547.
On February 28, 1994, Ormet Corporation filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court, Northern District of West Virginia, against AEP, OPCo, the Service Corporation and two of its employees, Federal EPA and the Administrator of Federal EPA. Ormet is the operator of a major aluminum reduction plant in Ohio and is a customer of OPCo. See Certain Industrial Contracts. Pursuant to the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, OPCo received sulfur dioxide emission allowances for its Kammer Plant. See Environmental and Other
Matters. Ormet's complaint seeks a declaration that it is the owner of approximately 89% of the Phase I and Phase II allowances issued for use by the Kammer Plant. OPCo believes that since it is the owner and operator of Kammer Plant and Ormet is a contract power customer, Ormet is not entitled to any of the allowances attributable to the Kammer Plant.
See Item 1 for a discussion of certain environmental and rate matters.
Meigs Mine--On July 11, 1993, water from an adjoining sealed and abandoned mine owned by Southern Ohio Coal Company ("SOCCo"), a mining subsidiary of OPCo, entered Meigs 31 mine, one of two mines currently being operated by SOCCo. Ohio EPA approved a plan to pump water from the mine to certain Ohio River tributaries under stringent conditions for biological and water quality monitoring and restoring the streams after pumping.
On July 30, pumping commenced in accordance with the Ohio EPA approved plan. Since September 16, 1993, SOCCo has p