 INCOME FUND-II, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
To Birtcher/Liquidity Properties, as General Partner of Damson/Birtcher Realty Income Fund-II, Limited Partnership:
We have audited the financial statements of Damson/Birtcher Realty Income Fund-II, Limited Partnership as listed in the accompanying index. In connection with our audits of the financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule as listed in the accompanying index. These financial statements and the financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Damson/Birtcher Realty Income Fund-II, Limited Partnership as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
KPMG Peat Marwick
Orange County, Ca