 tax rate due to the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 ($.5 million), partially offset by an increase in operation and maintenance expense. The decrease in operating expenses in 1992 resulted primarily from reduced federal income taxes because of a decrease in income before taxes, partially offset by increases in taxes other than income.
The increase in taxes other than income in 1992 was due to increased property taxes.
The decreases in interest on long-term debt in 1993 and 1992 were the combined result of decreases in the average amount of and interest rates on long-term debt outstanding.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the enterprise's need for cash". The Company's only operating assets are an undivided 40% interest in the Bath County (Virginia) pumped-storage hydroelectric station and its connecting transmission facilities. The Company has no present plans for construction of any other major facilities.
M-37
Pursuant to an agreement, the Parents buy all of the Company's capacity in the station priced under a "cost of service formula" wholesale rate schedule approved by the FERC. Under this arrangement, the Company recovers in revenues all of its operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation, taxes, and a return on its investment.
Through February 29, 1992, the Company's return on equity (ROE) was adjusted annually pursuant to a settlement agreement approved by the FERC. On March 1, 1990, the ROE decreased from 12% to 11.25%, and on March 1, 1991, it was increased to 11.53%. In December 1991, the Company filed for a continuation of the existing ROE of 11.53% and other parties (the Consumer Advocate Division of the Public Service Commission of West Virginia, Maryland People's Counsel, and Pennsylvania Office of Consumer Advocate, collectively referred to as the joint consumer advocates or JCA) filed to reduce the ROE, with any resultant rate decrea