es to market the production. The ability of the operators to market the oil and gas produced from the Royalty Properties will depend upon numerous factors beyond their control, including the extent of domestic production and imports of oil and gas, the proximity of the gas production to gas pipelines, the availability of capacity in such pipelines, the demand for oil and gas by utilities and other end-users, the effects of inclement weather, state and Federal regulation of oil and gas production and Federal regulation of gas sold or transported in interstate commerce. There is no assurance that such operators will be able to market all of the oil or gas produced from the Royalty Properties or that favorable prices can be obtained for the oil and gas produced.
The supply of gas capable of being produced in the United States has exceeded demand in recent years as a result of decreased demand for gas in response to economic factors, conservation, lower prices for alternative energy sources and other factors. As a result of this excess supply of gas, gas producers have experienced increased competitive pressure and significantly lower prices. Many gas pipelines have reduced their takes from producers below the amounts they were contractually obligated to take or pay at fixed prices in excess of spot prices or have renegotiated their obligations to reflect more market responsive terms. The decline in demand for gas has resulted in many pipelines reducing or ceasing altogether their purchase of new gas. Substantially all of the gas production from the Net Profits Properties is sold at market responsive prices.
Demand for gas production has historically been seasonal in nature. Due to unseasonably warm weather over the last several years, the demand for gas has decreased, resulting in lower prices received by producers during the winter months than in prior years. Consequently, on an energy equivalent basis, gas has been sold at a discount to oil for the past several years