stems. The Company has offered transportation arrangements to customers who secure their own gas supplies. These transportation arrangements, coupled with the efforts of the Company's marketing subsidiary, Mercado, enable the Company to provide competitively priced gas service to these large volume customers. In addition, the Company has successfully used flexible rate provisions, when needed, to prevent by-pass of the Company's distribution system.
As energy providers, Southern Union Gas and Missouri Gas Energy have historically competed with alternative energy sources, particularly electricity and also propane, coal, natural gas liquids and other refined products available in the Company's service areas. At present rates, the cost of electricity to residential and commercial customers in the Company's service areas generally is higher than the effective cost of its natural gas service. There can be no assurances, however, that future fluctuations in gas and electric costs will not reduce the cost advantage of natural gas service.
The following operating cost analysis provides a comparison of annual gas and electric costs for three typical residential energy applications in the three largest cities (which represent approximately 72% of the present customers) served by Southern Union Gas and Missouri Gas Energy:
The Company believes that similar gas price advantages exist for commercial and industrial applications. In addition, the cost of expansion for peak load requirements of electricity in some of Southern Union Gas' service areas has historically provided opportunities to allow energy switching to natural gas pursuant to integrated resource planning techniques. Electric competition has responded by offering equipment rebates and incentive rates.
Competition between the use of fuel oil and natural gas, particularly by industrial, electric generation and agricultural customers, has increased as oil prices have decreased. While competition between such fuels is ge