he American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Financial Managers Society, Inc. He is a former member of The Savings and Loan Associations Committee of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is the past chairman of the Finance Industry Accounting Committee of the Financial Managers Society. Mr. Parke holds an undergraduate degree from Knox College and a graduate degree from the Amos Tuck Graduate School of Business at Dartmouth College.
Thomas J. Rinella, Senior Vice President--Marketing and Community Lending, has responsibility for administration of the Bank's marketing, public relations, residential mortgage originations, and consumer lending activities. Mr. Rinella joined the Bank in 1968 as a Loan Officer. Subsequently, he has held positions in the Bank as a Systems Analyst, Loan Department Manager, Human Resources Director, and Marketing Director. He was promoted to Senior Vice President in 1980 and assumed his present position in 1987. Mr. Rinella serves on the Board of Directors of Cash Station, Inc., Community Investment Corp., and the Savings and Loan Network, Inc. He also serves on the Business Advisory Council of the College of Business Administration, University of Illinois at Chicago and the Board of Trustees and Executive Committee of the Illinois Council on Economic Education. He holds an undergraduate degree from the University of Illinois at Chicago and an MBA from DePaul University.
Clifford M. Sladnick, Senior Vice President--General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, joined the Bank in 1990 as First Vice President, Corporate Secretary, and Securities Counsel. He was appointed General Counsel in December 1990 and was promoted to Senior Vice President in July, 1991. Prior to joining the Bank, he was a partner in the corporate department of the law firm of McDermott, Will & Emery. Mr. Sladnick is also a Certified Public Accountant. He holds a degree in accounting from the University of Illinois and a juris doctor deg