lar organizations are reimbursed based on prospective negotiated rates.
The Company's business activities are primarily with large insurance companies and federal and state agencies or their intermediaries. Other than adjustments arising from audits by certain of these agencies, the risk of loss arising from the failure of these entities to perform according to the terms of their respective contracts is considered remote.
During the period ended October 31, 1992, the Company received and recognized as net patient service revenue, approximately $465,000 related to the settlement of prior year cost reports.
C. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The current portion of Due to Parent at October 31, 1993 consists of amounts due under a demand note ('Demand Note') for costs incurred or paid by the Parent in connection with the acquisition, cash advances from the Parent, interest payable on the Subordinated Promissory Note (as defined below) in the amount of $2,680,000, and an allocation of Cooper corporate services amounting to $623,000, net of payments to the Parent.
All current and future borrowings under the terms of the Demand Note bear interest, payable monthly, commencing on December 1, 1993 at the rate of 15% per annum (17% in the event principal and interest is not paid when due), and all principal and all accrued and unpaid interest under the Demand Note shall be completely due and payable on demand. Prior to December 1, 1993, the Parent did not charge the Company for amounts due to it except for amounts due under the Subordinated Promissory Note.
The non-current portion of Due to Parent consists of a $16,000,000 subordinated promissory note (the 'Subordinated Promissory Note'). The annual interest rate on the Subordinated Promissory Note is 12%. The principal amount of this Subordinated Promissory Note shall be due and payable on May 29, 2002 unless payable sooner pursuant to its terms.
HGA allocates interest expense to PSG to reflect an estimate of the interest cost on 