es ("HRS") is a revolving credit merchant participation business. HRS purchases and services merchants' revolving charge accounts. These accounts result from consumer purchases of furniture, appliances, home improvement products and other durable merchandise, and generally are without credit recourse to the originating merchant. Loans are underwritten by HRS based on its credit standards. This business is an important source of new customers to HFC's direct lending business. HRS became a separate business unit in 1988 and is currently the second largest provider of private-label credit cards in the United States. This business is conducted through state-licensed companies and through Household Bank (Illinois), National Association.
Household Bank, f.s.b.
Household Bank, f.s.b. (the "Bank"), a federally chartered savings bank, comprises the majority of the Company's consumer banking and mortgage business. At December 31, 1993, the Bank's assets totaled $9.1 billion, which includes $2.2 billion of receivables attributable to the GM Card. Although there was a slight decline in deposits in 1993 from $6.5 billion at December 31, 1992, deposits have increased to $6.2 billion at December 31, 1993 from $1.6 billion at year-end 1986. Much of the strategic growth of the Company has been through its consumer banking operations, where the Company believes the most efficient use of capital can be achieved. The Company's consumer banking strategy is intended to diversify its funding base, provide a stable and relatively low-cost funding source, create a more competitively leveraged entity and market financial service products to a different customer base.
In 1988, the Company formalized its consumer banking strategy and launched its consumer bank development program with a geographic focus on California and the arc of states from Illinois to Maryland. At December 31, 1993 the Bank had 171 branches in 7 states: California (54); Illinois (44); Ohio (26); Maryland (24); Virginia (15