n, preserve and renew its qualification as a real estate investment trust under the Code and all applicable regulations thereunder.
Section 6.6. Accounting; Inspection of Property, Books and Records. The Borrower will keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities, will maintain its fiscal reporting periods on the present basis and will permit representatives of the Bank, at the Borrower's expense (not to exceed $1,500 in the aggregate during any calendar year), to visit and inspect any of the
Borrower's properties, to examine and make abstracts from any of the Borrower's books and records and to discuss the Borrower's affairs, finances and accounts with the Borrower's executive officers (who, on the Effective Date, are those officers identified in Section 7.1(xi) and independent public accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as the Bank may reasonably request.
Section 6.7. Restriction on Debt. The Borrower will not incur or at any time be liable with respect to any Debt except Debt which meets any one of the following criteria: (i) Debt outstanding under this Agreement and the Note; (ii) Debt having an original term in excess of three years; and (iii) unsecured Debt owing to financial institutions and having an aggregate unpaid principal balance of $100,000,000 or less.
Section 6.8. Restrictions on Liens. The Borrower will not enter into any agreement, or permit any of its subsidiaries to enter into any agreement, with any third party which would prohibit the Borrower or any such subsidiary from creating a Lien on any of its properties in favor of the Bank to secure the Borrower's obligations to the Bank hereunder and under the Note. The Borrower will maintain or cause its subsidiaries to maintain free and clear of all Liens that portion of its and such subsidiaries' real property assets which at all times