ch was approximately the asked price on the over-the-counter U.S. Treasury market for such obligations on November 12, 1992 (after adjustment for five-day settlement). The Treasury Obligations were deposited with the Depositary on November 19, 1992 in connection with the initial public offering of Depositary Units.
The Treasury Obligations were issued under the Separate Trading of Registered Interest and Principal of Securities program of the U.S. Treasury, which permits the trading of the Treasury Obligations in book-entry form. The Treasury Obligations are held for the benefit of Holders in the name of the Depositary in book-entry form with a Federal Reserve Bank subject to withdrawal by a Holder. The deposited Treasury Obligations are not considered assets of the Depositary or the Trust. In the unlikely event of default by the U.S. Treasury in the payment of the Treasury Obligations when due, each Holder would have the right to withdraw a deposited Treasury Obligation in a face amount of $1,000 for each 50 Depositary Units and, as a real party in interest and as the owner of the entire beneficial interest in discrete Treasury Obligations, proceed directly and individually against the United States of America in whatever manner he deems appropriate without any requirement to act in concert with the Depositary, other Holders or any other person.
Santa Fe makes available quarterly to the Depositary for distribution to Holders certain information regarding the Treasury Obligations including high, low and recent asked prices quoted during each calendar quarter on the over-the-counter United States Treasury market. The Treasury Obligations pay no current interest.
DESCRIPTION OF THE ROYALTY PROPERTIES
THE WASSON PROPERTIES
The Wasson Royalties were conveyed to the trust out of Santa Fe's 12.3934% royalty interest in the Wasson ODC Unit and its 6.8355% royalty interest in the Wasson Willard Unit, located in the Wasson Field. Santa Fe also owns significant working intere