ies and rural areas in Texas, including the municipalities of Austin, Brownsville, El Paso, Galveston, Harlingen, McAllen and Port Arthur, as well as several communities in the Oklahoma panhandle. Missouri Gas Energy provides service to various cities and communities in central and western Missouri including Kansas City, St. Joseph, Joplin and Monett. The Company's gas utility operations are generally seasonal in nature, with a significant percentage of its annual revenues and earnings occurring in the traditional heating-load months.
Western Gas Interstate Company ("WGI"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Southern Union, operates interstate pipeline systems principally serving the Company's gas distribution properties in the El Paso, Texas area and in the Texas and Oklahoma panhandles. During 1993 WGI received approval in its restructuring and rate case dockets from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) which allowed WGI to implement services pursuant to FERC Order No. 636. WGI is now providing unbundled transportation service for those gas volumes entering the pipeline's transportation system. WGI also completed its second year of exports to Mexico, transporting approximately 8,500 million cubic feet (MMcf) to the city of Juarez and the Samalayuca Power Plant.
Southern Transmission Company ("Southern"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Southern Union, owns and operates approximately 123 miles of intrastate pipeline. Southern's system connects the cities of Lockhart, Luling, Cuero, Shiner, Yoakum, and Gonzales, Texas, as well as an industrial customer in Port Arthur, Texas. Southern also owns a transmission line which supplies gas to the community of Sabine Pass, Texas.
Mercado Gas Services Inc. ("Mercado"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Southern Union, markets natural gas to various large volume customers. Mercado's sales and purchase activities are made through short-term contracts. These contracts and business activities are not subject to direct rate regulatio