ement effective October 31, 1993.
AEP has determined to pay supplemental retirement benefits to 23 AEP System employees (including Messrs. Disbrow, DeMaria, Maloney and Lhota) whose pensions may be adversely affected by amendments to the Retirement Plan made as a result of the Tax Reform Act of 1986. Such payments, if any, will be equal to any reduction occurring because of such amendments. Upon his retirement on April 28, 1993, Mr. Disbrow began receiving an annual supplemental benefit of $2,642. Assuming retirement of the remaining eligible employees in 1994, none would be eligible to receive supplemental benefits.
AEP made available a voluntary deferred-compensation program in 1982 and 1986, which permitted certain executive employees of AEP System companies to defer receipt of a portion of their salaries. Under this program, an executive was able to defer up to 10% or 15% annually (depending on the terms of the program offered), over a four-year period, of his or her salary, and receive supplemental retirement or survivor benefit payments over a 15-year period. The amount of supplemental retirement payments received is dependent upon the amount deferred, age at the time the deferral election was made, and number of years until the executive retires. The following table sets forth, for the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table, the amounts of annual deferrals and, assuming retirement at age 65, annual supplemental retirement payments under the 1982 and 1986 programs.
Employment Agreement
Dr. Draper has a contract with AEP and the Service Corporation which provides for his employment for an initial term from no later than March 15, 1992 until March 15, 1997. Dr. Draper commenced his employment with AEP and the Service Corporation on March 1, 1992. AEP or the Service Corporation may terminate the contract at any time and, if this is done for reasons other than cause and other than as a result of Dr. Draper's death or permanent disability, the S