pensation near retirement.
All U.S. plans are administered by corporate trustees. There was no company contribution to any of the U.S. plans during the years 1991 through 1993 as plan assets substantially exceeded the pension obligations. At year-end 1993, plan assets principally consist of equity securities, U.S. government and agency issues, corporate bonds and cash.
Employees of certain foreign subsidiaries of the company are covered by separate plans. Total costs for all foreign plans were insignificant for each period.
Pension costs for the funded U.S. plans include the following components:
The 1992 net gain from partial settlement of obligation was the result of the voluntary retirement and severance packages accepted by employees and those employees who left the company due to the sale of business units in 1992.
The following table sets forth the plans' funded status and amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 1993 and 1992:
The assumed rates used to measure the projected benefit obligation and the expected earnings on plan assets were as follows:
The amount of benefits which can be covered by the funded plans described above are limited by the Employee Retirement Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code. Therefore, the company has an unfunded supplemental retirement plan designed to maintain benefits for all employees at the plan formula level. The amounts expensed for this plan were $2 million, $23 million and $1 million in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. The 1992 amount included a one-time charge of $21 million as a result of the company's restructuring program. The accumulated obligation recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 1993 was $19 million.
NOTE 12 - POSTRETIREMENT AND POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS
The company's medical plan provides health care benefits for eligible employees and retired employees. Employees may become eligible for postretirement benefits if they reach the normal reti