NCOME FUND-II, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
SCHEDULE XI REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1993 (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)
NOTE: Columns B and G are either none or are not applicable.
See notes to table on following page.
DAMSON/BIRTCHER REALTY INCOME FUND-II, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
NOTES TO SCHEDULE XI
(a) For a description of the properties, see "Item 2. Properties." This schedule does not include the investment in Cooper Village Partners which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
(b) Investments in real estate reflect the adjustment to the carrying value of real estate assets of $3,850,000 for the year ended December 31, 1992. In May 1992, the General Partner obtained appraisals of the Partnership's properties from a qualified independent appraiser. Based upon these appraisals, management's intention to hold these real estate assets and current and anticipated market conditions, management has estimated that three of the Partnership's properties, Atrium Place Office Building ($275,000), Creekridge Center, ($3,150,000) and Kennedy Corporate Center-I ($425,000) have each experienced a permanent impairment of value as compared to their respective carrying values.
The aggregate cost of land, buildings and improvements for Federal income tax purposes (unaudited) was $40,457,000 as of December 31, 1993. The differences between the aggregate cost of land, buildings and improvements for tax reporting purposes as compared to financial reporting purposes are primarily attributable to: 1) amounts received under rental agreements for non-occupied space, which were recorded as income for tax reporting purposes but were recorded as a reduction of the corresponding property basis for financial reporting purposes, and; 2) the adjustment to the carrying value of real estate which was recorded as a reduction of the corresponding property basis for financial statement purposes and has no effect for tax reporting purposes.
(c) The initial cost to the Part