 collects from the customer for such equity interest, and the method of payment to the subsidiary will be either cash or bearing products, in the same manner as received by the Purchaser of the Interest from the customer. Due to the Company s inability to determine what payments, if any, it will receive on such notes, the Company will continue to carry such notes at a nominal amount.
Revenues, costs and profits related to the contract are being recognized in two separate phases. The first phase involves the purchase, modification, development and delivery of the machinery, tooling, designs and other technical information and services. Sales to be recognized during this phase are limited to the expected collections under the contract during this phase. Sales and costs during the first phase will be recognized using the percentage of completion method of accounting based on the ratio of total costs incurred, excluding the cost of purchased machinery, to estimated total costs, excluding the cost of purchased machinery. Since the inception of the contract, the Company has collected $13.1 million of the contract price and recognized sales and cost of sales of $13.7 million and $4.8 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 1993, the Company recognized sales and cost of sales of $7.5 million and $2.2 million, respectively. The cumulative effect of future revisions in the contract terms or total cost estimates will be reflected in the period in which these changes become known.
LSB Industries, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
8. Foreign Sales Contract (continued)
The second phase of the contract includes payments by the customer under the financing terms set forth above and purchases of bearing products by the Company s subsidiary from the customer. Contract revenues will be recognized as the Company performs its obligation to purchase products from the customer, which timing generally coincides with the timing that amounts are to be