 consists primarily of loans not closing in sufficient volumes and at appropriate yields to meet the sale commitments.
Firstar enters into interest rate swaps, caps, and floors to hedge its own interest rate risk and to act as an intermediary on behalf of its customers. Under a typical swap agreement, one party pays a fixed rate of interest on a notional amount to a second party who in turn pays a variable rate of interest on the same notional amount. Credit risk associated with interest rate swaps is dependent upon the ability of the counterparty to perform its payment obligation under the agreement. Firstar performs normal credit reviews on its swap counterparties. Where Firstar acts as an intermediary for customers, it enters into positions that essentially offset one another.
Firstar and its subsidiaries are subject to various legal actions and proceedings in the normal course of business, some of which involve substantial claims for compensatory or punitive damages. Although litigation is subject to many uncertainties and the ultimate exposure with respect to these matters cannot be ascertained, management does not believe that the final outcome will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of Firstar.
NOTE 16. REGULATORY RESTRICTIONS ON SUBSIDIARY DIVIDENDS AND CASH
Federal regulations require Firstar to maintain as reserves, minimum cash balances based on deposit levels at subsidiary banks. Cash balances restricted from usage due to these requirements were $267 million and $238 million at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
Firstar's subsidiary banks are restricted by regulation as to the amount of funds which can be transferred to the parent in the form of loans and dividends. As of December 31, 1993, $117 million could be loaned to Firstar by the subsidiary banks subject to strict collateral requirements, and $216 million could be paid to Firstar by the subsidiary banks in the form of dividends. In addition each subsidiary bank could 