sset and liability objectives of Management and to develop a source of fee income through loan servicing. In 1993, 1992, and 1991, the Bank arranged for "swap" transactions with FNMA and FHLMC which involved the exchange of
- ----------------------------
(a) Subject to limit of rate caps and floors. (b) Includes $235.4 million of 1-4 family adjustable-rate mortgage loans that have initial fixed interest rate terms of three- to five-years and $20.6 million of renegotiable rate mortgages which adjust every three or five years. Also includes $64.6 million in five-, seven- and ten-year multi-family loans which adjust after their respective initial terms, and which are matched to FHL Bank advances having identical terms.
approximately $146.4 million, $208.6 million and $86.9 million, respectively, of fixed-rate mortgage loans held for sale for MBS, which were subsequently sold.
As the Bank commits to fund fixed-rate 1-4 family loans, it typically secures commitments, approximately sixty days in advance, to securitize and sell such loans into the secondary market. The amounts of the commitments to sell are based on the Bank's estimates of the fixed-rate loans it will fund given then-current interest rates, anticipated rate movements and the Bank's asset/liability needs. In general, loans are sold without recourse and servicing is retained by the Bank.
The Bank's Credit Review Department in 1994 has begun to perform quality control in-house for agencies purchasing single family loans. Previously, the Bank relied upon the use of consultants to perform these procedures.
See "NOTE U - Financial Instruments With Off-Balance Sheet Credit Risk" in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto for a discussion of loans sold with recourse and forward loan sale commitments.
The following table summarizes mortgage servicing statistics at December 31, 1989 through 1993 (dollars in thousands):
The following table summarizes loans held-for-sale as of December 31, 19