approximately $30,000,000 may result. Despite the generally reduced availability of real estate financing, MGI believes it will be successful extending or refinancing maturing mortgage loans upon satisfactory terms although there can be no assurance thereof.
In December 1993, MGI acquired two industrial/research and development buildings, one totaling 100,000 square feet and the other 56,300 square feet, located in suburban Boston, Massachusetts for an aggregate price of $6.3 million cash. Both buildings are 100% occupied by the same publicly- traded tenant with leases that expire in June 1998 and December 1999. Other cash requirements in 1994 are distributions to shareholders, capital and tenant improvements and other leasing expenditures required to maintain MGI's occupancy levels and other investment undertakings. During the period 1990 through 1993, annual expenditures for capital and tenant improvements averaged approximately 1.2% of real estate investments. In 1994 budgeted capital and tenant improvements which are based on assumed leasing activity, completion of discretionary capital projects and estimated costs, approximates 1.7% of real estate investments.
Principal sources of funds in the future are expected to be from operations of properties including those acquired in the future, mortgaging or refinancing existing mortgages on properties and MGI's portfolio of investment securities. Other potential sources of funds may include the proceeds of offerings of additional equity or debt securities or the sale of real estate investments. The cost of new borrowings or issuances of equity capital will be measured against the anticipated yields of investments to be acquired with such funds. Following the December 1993 acquisition of two buildings, the purchase of additional properties in 1994 may require the use of funds from MGI's line of credit, new borrowings, the sale of properties currently owned or the issuance of equity securities. MGI believes the combina