ent such amounts are taken into income as yield adjustments over the lives of the related leases. Discounts on discounted loans and interest on other loans are generally recognized as income on the level yield method (interest method). Commitment and origination fees are generally recognized as income over the commitment and loan periods, respectively. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when in the opinion of Management the collection of additional interest is unlikely or a specific loan meets the criteria for nonaccrual status established by regulatory authorities. A loan remains on nonaccrual status until the loan is current as to payment of both principal and interest with the borrower demonstrating the ability to pay and remain current, or it meets revised regulatory guidance on returning to accrual status even though the loan has not been brought fully current.
Premises and Equipment--Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are charged to operating expenses. Depreciation generally is computed on the straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the term of the respective leases or the lives of the assets. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. The costs of replacing structural parts of major units are considered individually and are expensed or capitalized as the facts dictate. Depreciation and amortization amounts are adjusted, if appropriate, at the time an asset is retired. Leases are accounted for as operating leases since none which meet the criteria for capitalization would have a material effect if capitalized.
Income Taxes--Effective January 1, 1993, the Corporation adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" and has restated prior years' retained earnings to reflect the cumulative effect of the change in the metho