y to carry on its business as presently conducted.
The Company depends principally upon its design, engineering, manufacturing and marketing skills and the quality of its products for its ability to compete successfully. The Company conducts research and development for footwear products; however, the level of expenditures with respect to such activity is not significant.
Executive Officers of the Registrant - ------------------------------------
The information with respect to the executive officers of the Company listed below is as of February 24, 1994.
Executive Officers of the Registrant - ------------------------------------
Executive Officers of the Registrant - ------------------------------------
These executive officers are generally elected at the Board of Director's Annual Meeting and serve at the pleasure of the Board.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties - ------- ----------
The Company manufactures footwear and footwear components at three factories located in Missouri as well as at one facility located in Puerto Rico. The Company also manufactures footwear components at a 30,000 square foot facility in the Dominican Republic.
Present manufacturing space totals approximately 214,000 square feet. Approximately 44,000 square feet is owned by the Company and the balance is leased. Such leases include either renewal options or favorable purchase options. Management believes that all leases are at commercially reasonable rates.
A newly constructed automated distribution center located in Louisville, Kentucky provides 520,000 square feet of space and is owned by the Company. Reference is hereby made to the section of the Registrant's annual report to stockholders entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" for additional information concerning the distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky. The Company also owns a central warehouse in Boston, Massachusetts, which provides 565,000