nts.
AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL PROPERTIES REIT
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1 -- SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
General.
American Industrial Properties REIT (formerly Trammell Crow Real Estate Investors) (the "Trust") is an equity real estate investment trust which, as of December 31, 1993, owned and operated 15 commercial real estate properties consisting of 14 industrial properties and one retail property. The Trust was formed September 26, 1985, by issuing 13,400 shares to Trammell Crow Company, Inc. for $201,000. On November 27, 1985, the Trust issued 9,062,000 Shares of Beneficial Interest (the "Shares") and commenced operations.
On April 13, 1993, the Independent Trust Managers gave formal notice of the Trust's intent to terminate the Advisory Agreement with Trammell Crow Ventures, Ltd. (the "Advisor", see Note 2). The Trust converted to self-administration effective June 13, 1993 and began operating under the name American Industrial Properties REIT. Pursuant to the Trust's 1993 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the Trust's Shareholders approved amendments to the Trust's Declaration of Trust and By-Laws which, amongst other things, officially changed the name of the Trust from Trammell Crow Real Estate Investors to American Industrial Properties REIT and removed the Trust's limited term restriction, converting the Trust from a finite life entity scheduled to liquidate in 1997, to a perpetual life entity.
Real Estate and Provisions for Possible Losses on Real Estate.
The Trust carries its real estate at lower of depreciated cost or net realizable value, as defined. Management defines net realizable value for assets held for sale as estimated market value. In determining estimated market value, management considers numerous factors, including market evaluations, the cost of capital, operating cash flows from the property during the projected holding period, and an expected capitalization rate applied to the estimated stabilized net operating income of the speci