sociation sought to dismiss its appeal and refile in the Claims Court because of the adverse decision of the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in another "supervisory goodwill" case, TransOhio Savings Bank, et al. v. Director, OTS, et al. 967 F.2d 598 (June 12, 1992). Neither the OTS nor the FDIC opposed the Association's motion. The D.C. Circuit granted the Association's motion to voluntarily dismiss its appeal on July 9, 1992. On August 12, 1992, Northeast
Savings refiled its action in the United States Claims Court, Northeast Savings, F.A. v. United States, No. 92-550c. Note that, effective October 29, 1992, the United States Claims Court was renamed the United States Court of Federal Claims. Northeast Savings' complaint seeks monetary relief against the United States on theories of breach of contract, taking of property without just compensation, and deprivation of property without due process of law. The United States has not yet filed an answer to the Complaint. On May 25, 1993, a three-judge panel of the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against the plaintiffs in three other consolidated "supervisory goodwill" cases, holding that the thrift institutions had not obtained an "unmistakable" promise from the government that it would not change the law in such a manner as to abrogate its contractual obligations and that the plaintiffs therefore bore the risk of such a change in the law. Winstar Corp. v. United States, No. 92-5164. On August 18, 1993, however, the full Federal Circuit, acting in response to a Petition for Rehearing with Suggestion for Rehearing In Banc filed by two of the three plaintiffs in these cases, vacated the May 25 panel decision, ordered the panel opinion withdrawn, and ordered that the case be reheard by the full Court. Oral argument in the Winstar case was held on February 10, 1994. On June 3, 1993, the Court of Federal Claims entered an order staying proceedings in Northeast Savings' case pending further action by the Federal C