 recorded as liabilities while under- deliveries are recorded as receivables. Such amounts are immaterial.
The Company's anticipated purchases and sales of crude oil and refined petroleum products and its committed foreign currency expenditures may be hedged against market risks through the use of forward/futures contracts. The gains and losses on these contracts are recognized upon the expiration of the contract and are included in the valuation of the anticipated transactions being hedged. A default by a counterparty to a contract would expose the Company to
market risks for the quantity of the contract. There is no material risk to the Company as a result of these contracts and the Company does not anticipate nonperformance by any of the counterparties.
c. Functional Currency The foreign exploration and production operations of the Company's subsidiaries and its foreign affiliate, CLAM Petroleum Company, are considered an extension of the parent company's operations. The assets, liabilities and operations of these companies are therefore measured using the United States dollar as the functional currency. As a result, foreign currency translation/transaction adjustments (which were not material) are included in net earnings.
d. Income Taxes The Company and its domestic subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return.
The Company adopted, effective January 1, 1988, Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 96 ("SFAS No. 96") - "Accounting For Income Taxes". Under the liability method specified by SFAS No. 96, the deferred tax liability is determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities as measured by existing tax rates which are presumed to be in effect when these differences reverse. Deferred tax expense is the result of changes in the liability for deferred taxes.
In February 1992, Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 ("SFAS No. 109") - "Accounting for Income Taxes" was iss