-XV Associates, L.P., dated April 19, 1993 between the Partnership and Carlyle Partners, Inc. relating to the 125 Broad Street Building is filed herewith. No
10-Y. Documents relating to the modification of the mortgage loan secured by California Plaza are filed herewith. No
21. List of Subsidiaries No
24. Powers of Attorney No
- - --------------------
* Previously filed as Exhibits to the Partnership's Registration Statement (as amended) on Form S-11 (Filed No. 2-95382) of the Securities Act of 1933.
AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF PARTNERSHIP OF JMB/125 BROAD BUILDING ASSOCIATES
These Amended and Restated Articles of Partnership made and entered into as of April 21, 1993, by and between Carlyle Advisors, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter referred to as "General Partner"), and Carlyle-XV Associates, L.P., an Delaware limited partnership, and Carlyle-XVI Associates, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as the limited partners (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Limited Partners").
W I T N E S S E T H
THAT WHEREAS, this partnership (hereinafter referred to as the "Partnership") was heretofore formed pursuant to the Uniform Partnership Act of the State of Illinois by Carlyle Real Estate Limited Partnership-XV, an Illinois limited partnership, and Carlyle Real Estate Limited Partnership-XVI, an Illinois limited partnership (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Original Partners"); and
THAT WHEREAS, the Original Partners have each individually assigned their respective partnership interests to the Limited Partners pursuant to that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Articles of Partnership of the Partnership (the "Agreement"); and
THAT WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to continue the partnership as a limited partnership pursuant to the Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act as in effect in the State of Illinois, as amended (the "Act"), for the purposes and on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and
THAT WHEREAS, the General Partner d