re cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, may not be realized in immediate settlement of the instrument. Statement 107 excludes certain financial instruments and all non-financial instruments from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented do not represent the underlying value of the Partnership.
(j) Cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased.
(k) The Partnership is not liable for Federal income taxes and each partner recognizes his proportionate share of the Partnership's income or loss in his tax return; therefore, no provision for income taxes is made in the financial statements of the Partnership.
(l) Investment in acquisition loan represents a first mortgage loan which, because the loan agreement includes certain specified terms, must be accounted for under generally accepted accounting principles as an investment in a real estate joint venture. The investment is therefore reflected in the accompanying financial statements using the equity method of accounting. Under this method, the Partnership records its investment at cost (representing total loan funding) and subsequently adjusts its investment for its share of property income or loss.
Amounts representing contractually-required debt service are recorded in the accompanying statements of income and expenses as interest income. Equity in investment in acquisition loan represents the Partnership's share of the collateral property's operations, including depreciation and interest expense. The Partnership's share of income (loss) has no effect on cash flow of the Partnership.
(m) Investment in joint venture - affiliate represents the Partnership's 44.63% interest, under the equity method of accounting, in joint ventures with an affiliated partnership. Under the equity method of accounting, the Partnersh