other employers, any supplementary pension under the Company's Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, and Social Security benefits. Subject to exceptions that might be made in specific cases, senior executives retiring prior to age 65, or with less than five years of service, or both, may receive a similar but reduced benefit. This Plan also provides for disability and surviving spouse benefits. As of the end of 1993, the estimated annual retirement benefits of W. R. Holland from all of the above sources was $49,584 and the estimated annual retirement benefits of R. L. Kensinger from such sources was $98,547. Mr. J. T. Rogers, Jr. retired on March 1, 1993 with an annual retirement benefit from the above sources of $64,729.
Pension Plan
The Company's trusteed noncontributory Pension Plan covers substantially all full-time employees including officers of the Company. Pension benefits are determined using a formula based on a Pension Plan participant's years of accrued service and average rate of monthly earnings for the highest 60 months of the last 120 months of accrued service immediately preceding retirement or termination of service.
Compensation covered by the Pension Plan consists of basic cash wages and compensation deferred through the Savings Plan up to the maximum amount permitted under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as adjusted in accordance with regulations. This amount was $235,840 per year for 1993 and is $150,000 per year for 1994. In addition, a supplementary pension benefit may be payable to participants in the Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. Compensation for 1993 covered by these two plans for the officers shown in the Executive Compensation Table who are not currently participants in the Ohio Edison System Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan is shown under the Salary column of the Table. The credited years of service for these same officers are as follows: J. E. Reed-27 years; J. R. Edgerly-28 years and R. P. Wushinske-20 years.
The foll