 outstanding rate matters and litigation. Decreased gas sales prices for the interstate pipelines partially offset the increase.
Purchases increased by $267 million in 1992, primarily due to volume increases for interstate pipelines and gas marketing companies and higher costs for the gas marketing companies, resulting in a gross profit increase of $74 million.
The operating profit increase of $1 million results from increased sales volumes of $14 million, improved storage and transportation revenues of $37 million and other increases of $21 million which were partially offset by lower margins of $32 million, increased operating expenses of $29 million and increased depreciation, depletion and amortization of $10 million. The other increases are primarily due to the settlement of outstanding rate matters and litigation. The sales volumes were up and the margins were down for both the interstate pipeline companies and gas marketing companies. The storage and transportation revenue increase results from increased transportation volumes
and improved storage revenues. The operating expense increase results from increases for compressor fuel, gas and gas liquids handling charges and rate settlement related expenses. The depreciation, depletion and amortization increase results from a non-recurring 1991 retroactive adjustment related to Wyoming Interstate Company, Ltd.
REFINING AND MARKETING. Refining and marketing operations involve the purchase, transportation and sale of refined products, crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids; the operation of refining and chemical plants; the sale at retail of gasoline, petroleum products and convenience items; petroleum product terminaling and marketing of crude oil and refined petroleum products worldwide.
1993 Versus 1992. The decrease in operating revenues of $360 million results from decreased sales prices and lower volumes. Sales volumes decreased primarily due to a reduction in the sales of products purchased from other