te 3.
Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. The carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
Material and Supplies New and reusable materials are carried principally at average original cost. Specific costs are used for large individual items. Nonreusable material is carried at estimated salvage value.
Property, Plant and Equipment The cost of additions and substantial betterments of property, plant and equipment is capitalized. Cost includes salaries and wages, material, applicable taxes, pensions and other benefits, allowance for funds used during construction and certain other items.
The Telephone Company computes depreciation using certain straight-line methods as prescribed by the FCC and the applicable state regulatory authorities. The Telephone Company's provision for depreciation includes the amortization of interstate and certain intrastate accumulated depreciation deficiencies (reserve deficiency amortization). Reserve deficiency amortization allows additional depreciation to be recognized currently in an attempt to reflect more accurately prior years' actual consumption of telephone plant.
When a portion of the Telephone Company's depreciable property, plant and equipment is retired, the gross book value is charged to accumulated depreciation.
The cost of maintenance and repairs of property, plant and equipment,including the cost of replacing minor items not constituting substantial betterments, is charged to operating expenses.
2. Employee Retirement Benefits
Pensions Substantially all employees of the Telephone Company are covered by noncontributory pension and death benefit plans sponsored by the Corporation. The pension benefit formula used in the determination of pension cost is based on a flat dollar amount per year of service according to job classification for nonmanagement employees, and a stated percentage of adjusted career income for management