esulting in effective borrowing costs ranging from 8.2% to 11.1%.
Coastal and its subsidiaries have entered into these interest rate and currency swaps with major banking institutions to reduce the impact of interest rate and exchange rate fluctuations with respect to certain floating rate and foreign currency denominated debt. In certain instances, the Company has also entered into interest rate swaps to convert a portion of its fixed rate debt into floating rates. Coastal is exposed to loss if one or more of the counterparties default. Interest rate swap transactions generally involve exchanges of fixed and floating interest payment obligations without exchanges of underlying principal amounts. Similarly, currency swaps involve exchanges of interest payments in differing currencies but provide for the exchange of principal amounts at maturity, usually through an escrow arrangement to limit credit risk. Consequently, Coastal's exposure to credit loss is significantly less than the contracted amounts.
Neither the Company nor the counterparties are required to collateralize their respective obligations under these swaps. At December 31, 1993, Coastal had no exposure to credit loss on interest rate swaps and approximately $108.7 million of exposure to credit loss on currency swaps.
SUBORDINATED LONG-TERM DEBT - Balances at December 31 were (millions of dollars):
MATURITIES - The aggregate amounts of long-term debt (including subordinated) maturities for the five years following 1993 are (millions of dollars):
NOTES PAYABLE - At December 31, 1993, Coastal and its subsidiaries had $264.0 million of outstanding indebtedness to banks under short-term lines of credit, compared to $221.4 million at December 31, 1992. As of December 31, 1993, $413.0 million was available to be drawn under short-term credit lines.
RESTRICTIONS ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS - Under the terms of the most restrictive of the Company's financing agreements, approximately $409.9 million was available at 