93's housing revenues were generated during the fourth quarter. This substantial increase in revenues was due primarily to an increase in the demand for housing product in Weston combined with the introduction of several new value oriented products in this Community earlier in the year. Also contributing to the increase in revenues during the fourth quarter of 1993 was the completion and close-out of all of the units in the final phase of the Partnership's Marina Bay condominium project on Long Boat Key, Florida in November and December 1993.
The gross operating profit from housing sales increased for the year ended December 31, 1993 as compared to 1992 due primarily to the mix of product sold at the Partnership's Weston and Broken Sound Communities. The increase in gross operating profits is also attributable to higher profit margins recognized from the final phase of Marina Bay on Longboat Key, Florida. These closings generated increased revenues due to the desirable location of the final building.
Revenues from the sale of homesites include amounts earned from the sale of developed lots within the Partnership's Communities. Revenues from the sale of homesites increased for the year ended December 31, 1993 as compared to the same period in 1992 due to the initial closing of lots in several homesite projects introduced early in 1993 in the Weston Hills Country Club section of the Partnership's Weston Community. Also contributing to the favorable variance was the closing of the remaining lots held for sale by the Partnership on Longboat Key, Florida during September 1993. This favorable variance was partially offset by decreased revenues at the Partnership's Broken Sound Community due to the close-out of the final homesites in that Community in 1992. Revenues from homesite sales activities were higher for the year ended December 31, 1992 as compared to 1991 due primarily to an increase in closings at the Partnership's Weston and River Hills Communities. The increase