unless and until the Assignee shall notify the Insurer in writing to the contrary, the distributions or share of surplus, dividend deposits and additions shall continue on the Policy in force at the time of this assignment; and 5. The sole right to exercise all nonforfeiture rights permitted by the terms of the Policy or allowed by the Insurer and to receive all benefits and advantages derived therefrom.
C. It is expressly agreed that the following specific rights, so long as the Policy has not been surrendered, are reserved and excluded from this Agreement and Collateral Assignment and do not pass by virtue hereof: 1. The right to designate and change the beneficiary; 2. The right to elect any optional mode of settlement permitted by the Policy or allowed by the Insurer;
provided, however, that the reservation of these rights shall in no way impair the right of the Assignee to surrender the Policy completely with all its incidents or impair any other right of the Assignee hereunder, and any designation or change of beneficiary or election of a mode of settlement shall be made subject to this Agreement and Collateral Assignment and to the rights of the Assignee hereunder.
D. This Collateral Assignment is made and the Policy is to be held as collateral security for any and all liabilities of the Employee to the Assignee arising under this Agreement (all of which liabilities secured to or to become secured are herein called "Liabilities"). It is expressly agreed that all sums received by the Assignee hereunder either in event of death of the Insured, the maturity or surrender of the Policy, the obtaining of a loan or advance on the Policy, or otherwise, shall first be applied to the payment of the liability for premiums paid by the Assignee on the Policy.
E. The Assignee covenants and agrees with the Employee as follows: 1. That any balance of sums, if any, received hereunder from the Insurer remaining after payment of the existing Liabilities, matured or unmatured, s