were,
therefore, placed in the AFS portfolio. Occasionally, CMO's have been purchased to manage the interest rate risk of the Corporation. Because these CMO's might be sold, they have been placed in the AFS portfolio. The floating rate CMO's and adjustable rate MBS's, though interest rate insensitive, have long average lives that make it less likely that the Corporation will hold them to maturity. Municipals are held in the AFS portfolio because they might be sold in response to a change in the tax position of the Corporation.
The following table sets forth the amortized cost and book value of the available-for-sale securities owned by the Corporation.
Available-for-Sale Investment Portfolio
- -------- (1) The book value of investment securities classified as available-for-sale is equal to fair value. (2) Issues of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or the Federal National Mortgage Corporation included in the amortized cost and book values presented totaled $122.8 million and $126.6 million, respectively.
At December 31, 1993, the book value of the Corporation's AFS investment portfolio was approximately $43.6 million above the amortized cost of the portfolio. Gross unrealized gains on AFS debt securities of $39.2 million far exceeded gross unrealized losses of $2.3 million at year end. More specifically, the net unrealized gain at December 31, 1993 on MBS's was $13.7 million, on CMO's $3.8 million, and on municipals $19.4 million. Gross unrealized gains on AFS equity securities were $6.7 million at December 31, 1993. On December 31, 1992, the Corporation's entire investment portfolio (prior to AFS/HTM split) had a market value of $62.6 million above its book value.
The following table shows the maturity distribution of the available-for-sale investment portfolio of the Corporation at December 31, 1993 based upon amortized cost.
Maturity of Available-for-Sale Investment Portfolio
- -------- (1) The maturity distribution is based upon a constant prepayment ra