ance with DOL regulations which require systematic sampling of airborne dust in coal mines and submission of the entire cassettes (which include filters for collecting dust particulates) to the Mine Safety and Health Administration ("MSHA") for analysis. The amount of dust contained on the cassette's filter determines an operator's compliance with respirable dust standards under the law. OPCo's Meigs No. 2, Meigs No. 31, Martinka, and Windsor Coal mines received 16, 3, 15 and 2 citations, respectively. MSHA has assessed civil penalties totalling $56,900 for all these citations. OPCo's samples in question involve about 1 percent of the 2,500 air samples that OPCo submitted over a 20-month period from 1989 through 1991 to the DOL. OPCo is contesting the citations before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission. An administrative hearing was held before an administrative law judge with respect to all affected coal operators. On July 20, 1993, the administrative law judge rendered a decision in this case holding that the Secretary of Labor failed to establish that the presence of a "white center" on the dust sampling filter indicated intentional alteration. The administrative law judge has set for trial the case of an unaffiliated mine to determine if there was an intentional alteration of the dust sampling filter. All remaining cases, including the citations involving OPCo's mines, have been stayed.
On September 21, 1993, CSPCo was served with a complaint issued by Region V, Federal EPA which alleged violations by Conesville Plant of the Toxic Substances Control Act and proposed a penalty of $41,000. On October 4, 1993, I&M was served with a complaint issued by Region V, Federal EPA which alleged violations by Breed Plant of the Clean Water Act and proposed a penalty of $70,000. On October 4, 1993, OPCo was served with a complaint issued by Region V, Federal EPA which alleged violations by OPCo's General Service Center (Canton, Ohio) of the Toxic Substances