in salaries and wages and employee benefit costs. The Financial Accounting Standards Board's (FASB) standard, SFAS No. 106, will increase future employee benefit costs for postretirement benefit expenses. The Company is currently recovering approximately 50% of SFAS No. 106 expenses in rates and will be requesting recovery of the remainder in 1994 and early 1995 rate cases. This reflects for West Virginia and Ohio only the recovery of the previously authorized pay-as-you-go component. During 1992, the Company implemented significant changes to its benefits plans, including cost caps, in an effort to both control and reduce employee benefits costs. The cost caps provide for future postretirement medical benefit costs to be capped at two times 1993 levels. Because 1993 medical costs were more than actuarially projected, SFAS No. 106 costs for 1994 are expected to be approximately 25% greater than 1993 amounts.
Another FASB standard, SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits", effective in 1994, requires companies to accrue for other post- employment benefits such as disability benefits, health care benefits for disabled employees, severance pay, and workers' compensation claims. The Company currently accrues for workers' compensation claims and the estimated liability for the other benefits is not expected to be material.
Maintenance expenses represent costs incurred to maintain the power stations, the transmission and distribution (T&D) system, and general plant, and reflect routine maintenance of equipment and rights-of-way as well as planned major repairs and unplanned expenditures, primarily from forced outages at the power stations and periodic storm damage on the T&D system. The Company is also experiencing, and expects to continue to experience, increased expenditures due to the aging of its power stations. Variations in maintenance expense result primarily from unplanned events and planned major projects, which vary in timing and magnitu