stomers' Advances/Contributions in Aid of Construction The water subsidiaries receive contributions and advances for construction from or on behalf of customers. Advances received are refundable, under certain circumstances, either wholly or in part, over varying periods of time. Amounts no longer refundable are reclassified to contributions in aid of construction. Contributions and advances received after 1986 are treated as taxable income. Amounts that customers are required to contribute to offset the income taxes payable by the Company are normally included in contributions or advances.
Income Taxes The Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return. The rate-making practices followed by most regulatory agencies allow the utility subsidiaries to recover, through customer rates, federal and state income taxes payable currently and deferred taxes related to certain timing differences between pretax accounting income and taxable income. The income tax effects of other timing differences are flowed through for rate-making and accounting purposes. The Company expects that deferred taxes not collected will be recovered through customer rates in the future when such taxes become payable.
Investment Tax Credits Investment tax credits of utility subsidiaries are deferred and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the related properties. Effective January 1, 1986, investment tax credits were eliminated by the Tax Reform Act of 1986 except for property meeting the transitional rules.
Consumers Water Company and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share Earnings (loss) per common share are based on the annual weighted average number of shares outstanding and common share equivalents. The effect of employee stock options, which are included as common share equivalents, is not significant.
(2) Income Tax Expense
Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Stan