o have attained age 21 with service in excess of one year. Benefits at normal retirement age (65) are based upon the employee's years of service and the employee's highest compensation for any consecutive five of the last ten years of employment. The Company's funding policy is to contribute annually the maximum amount that can be deducted for federal income tax purposes.
EVANS & SUTHERLAND COMPUTER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(14) Employee Benefit Plans (continued) ----------------------------------
Net annual pension expense of the plan is summarized as follows:
The following assumptions were used in accounting for the pension plan:
The following summarizes the plan's funded status and amounts recognized in the Company's consolidated financial statements:
Deferred Savings Plan - The Company has a deferred savings plan which --------------------- qualifies under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan covers all employees of the Company who have at least one year of service and who are age 18 or older. The Company makes matching contributions of 50 percent of each employee's contribution not to exceed six percent of the employee's compensation. The Company's contributions to this plan for 1993, 1992, and 1991 were $1,025, $1,022, and $900, respectively.
EVANS & SUTHERLAND COMPUTER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(15) Preferred Stock ---------------
The Company has both Class A and Class B Preferred Stock with 5,000,000 shares authorized for each class. The Company has reserved 300,000 shares of the Class A Preferred Stock as Series A Junior Preferred Stock under a shareholder rights plan. This preferred stock entitles holders to 100 votes per share and to receive the greater of $2.00 per share or 100 times the common dividend declared. Upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, holders of the preferred stock would be entitled 