ining locations, are the subject of civil litigation, administrative proceedings or of investigations arising under federal and state environmental laws. Additionally, in connection with past disposal practices, the Company has been named a potential responsible party ("PRP") pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act ("CERCLA") in approximately 80 governmental enforcement and private actions associated with hazardous waste sites and former mining locations, some of which are on the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency's Superfund National Priorities List. These actions seek cleanup costs and/or damages for personal injury or property damage. While the Company may be jointly and severally liable for such costs, in most cases, it is only one of a number of PRPs who are also jointly and severally liable. In addition, the Company is a party to a number of lawsuits filed in various jurisdictions alleging CERCLA or other environmental claims. At December 31, 1993, the Company had accrued $70 million in respect of those environmental matters which are reasonably estimable. It is not possible to estimate the range of costs for certain sites. The upper end of the range of reasonably possible costs to the Company for sites which it is possible to estimate costs is approximately $105 million. No assurance can be given that actual costs will not exceed accrued amounts or the upper end of the range for sites for which estimates have been made and no assurance can be given that costs will not be incurred with respect to sites as to which no estimate presently can be made. The imposition of more stringent standards or requirements under environmental laws or regulations, new developments or changes respecting site cleanup costs or allocation of such costs among PRPs, or a determination that the Company is potentially responsible for the release of hazardous substances at othe