 of 10 unions represented by 21 bargaining units. As of the same date, Registrant had approximately 10,200 employees at foreign locations of whom approximately 4,500 were members of unions. During fiscal 1993, Registrant experienced one strike which lasted for 44 days. Relations between Registrant and its employees are generally considered to be satisfactory.
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF REGISTRANT
The names and ages of all executive officers of Registrant, all positions and offices with Registrant presently held by each person named and their business experience during the last five years are stated below:
Principal Occupation During --------------------------- Name, Age and Position Past Five Years ---------------------- ---------------
OFFICER EMPLOYED BY JOINT VENTURE COMPANY
All officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors at a meeting following the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and can be removed at any time by the Board.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties - ------ ----------
Registrant, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, has more than 65 manufacturing plants, ranging in size from approximately 3,000 square feet to in excess of 980,000 square feet and totaling more than 10.8 million square feet, located in the United States, Canada, and various other foreign countries. The majority of the manufacturing sites are owned in fee. In addition, sales offices, warehouses, service centers and stock points are maintained, almost all in leased space, in the United States, Canada and certain other foreign countries. The properties are believed to be generally well maintained, adequate for the purposes for which they are used, and capable of supporting a higher level of market demand.
During fiscal 1993 M-I Drilling Fluids Company also had 24 grinding and/or other facilities for beneficiating mineral ores, containing approximately 287 acres in plant site property.
The following are the locations of t