on of Ohio Water Service Company to the City for a gain, net of taxes, of approximately $3.0 million. The Washington Court House Division served approximately 6,000 customers and generated approximately $2.3 million in revenue in 1993.
Over the past five years, the Company has acquired eight water systems. Although the Company currently has no material acquisitions pending, management anticipates continuing the acquisition policy of recent years.
OTHER
In March, 1993, an outside contractor spilled a small amount of mercury while working at one of Ohio Water's water treatment plants. Several areas in and around the plant were contaminated by the spill. Although no mercury has contaminated Ohio Water's water supply, Ohio Water is continuously monitoring the situation to maintain water quality. Ohio Water contacted all appropriate regulatory agencies and the cleanup has been completed. The total cost to cleanup the spill was approximately $900,000. Ohio Water has received $100,000 from its insurer and is currently seeking recovery of all the cleanup costs from the contractor. While there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of Ohio Water's efforts to obtain such recovery, management believes it is probable that Ohio Water will recover cleanup costs from the contractor and/or the contractor's insurers and, therefore, has deferred the cost incurred in connection with the spill.
The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) 106, Employer's Post Retirement Benefits (other than Pensions), and SFAS 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, in the first quarter, 1993. SFAS 106 requires the expected cost of Post Retirement Benefits (other than Pensions) be expensed in the years employees render service. This is a significant change in the Company's previous policy of recording these costs on a cash basis. The annual expense under the new method was $584,200 compared to $75,000 under the old method in 1992. The Public Utilities Commissions have ruled 