nt power, and (g) 1,061,799 shares owned of record by Golsen Petroleum Corporation ("GPC) and 533,333 shares that GPC has the right to acquire upon conversion of 16,000 shares of Series B Preferred owned of record by GPC. GPC is wholly-owned by J. Golsen, Sylvia H. Golsen, B. Golsen, S. Golsen and Linda F. Rappaport, with each owning twenty percent (20%) of the outstanding stock of GPC, and as a result, GPC, J. Golsen, Sylvia H. Golsen, B. Golsen, S. Golsen, and Linda F. Rappaport share the voting and investment power of the shares beneficially owned by GPC. GPC's address is 16 South Pennsylvania Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73107.
(4) Includes: (a) 4,000 shares of series B Preferred owned of record by J. Golsen, which he has the sole voting and investment power; and (b) 16,000 shares of Series B Preferred owned of record by GPC, in which GPC, J. Golsen, Sylvia H. Golsen, B. Golsen, S. Golsen and Linda F. Rappaport share the voting and investment power.
(5) Does not include 144,260 shares of Common stock that Linda F. Rappaport's husband owns of record and 14,000 shares which he has the right to acquire within the next sixty (60) days under the Company's stock option plans, all of which Linda F. Rappaport disclaims beneficial ownership.
(6) J. Golsen disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares that B. Golsen, S. Golsen and Linda F. Rappaport each have the sole voting and investment power over as noted in footnote (3) above. B. Golsen, S. Golsen and Linda F. Rappaport disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares that J. Golsen has the sole voting and investment power over as noted in footnotes (3) and (4) and the shares owned of record by Sylvia H. Golsen. Sylvia H. Golsen disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares that J. Golsen has the sole voting and investment power over as noted in footnotes (3) and (4) above.
Security Ownership of Management. The following table sets forth information obtained from the directors of the Company and the directors and executi