ia Water Company located in Sayre, Pennsylvania (6) Shenango Valley Water Company located in Sharon, Pennsylvania. (7) Roaring Creek Water Company located in Shamokin, Pennsylvania.
New Jersey
(8) Garden State Water Company with corporate offices in Hamilton and operating districts in Blackwood, Hamilton Square and Phillipsburg, New Jersey. (9) Califon Water Company located in Califon, New Jersey.
Connecticut
(10) C/P Utility Services Company located in Hamden, Connecticut and Orlando, Florida. (11) EnviroAudit, Ltd. located in Centerbrook, Connecticut.
New Hampshire
(11) Southern New Hampshire Water Company located in Londonderry, New Hampshire.
Maine
(12) Maine Water Company with four divisions located in Kezar Falls, Freeport, Damariscotta and Oakland, Maine. (13) Camden and Rockland Water Company located in Rockland, Maine. (14) Wanakah Water Company with three divisions in Skowhegan, Greenville and Millinocket, Maine. (15) Burlington Homes of New England located in Oxford, Maine. (16) Consumers' corporate headquarters located in Portland, Maine.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
Various environmental orders and policies affecting the Consumers Water Subsidiaries are described above under the caption "Environmental Regulation."
In March, 1993, an outside contractor spilled a small amount of mercury while working one of Ohio Water's water treatment plants. Several areas in and around the plant were contaminated by the spill. Although no mercury has contaminated Ohio Water's water supply, Ohio Water is continuously monitoring the situation to maintain water quality. Ohio Water contacted all appropriate regulatory agencies and the clean up has been completed. The total cost to clean up the spill was approximately $900,000. Ohio Water has received $100,000 from its insurer and is currently seeking recovery of all the clean up costs from the contractor. While there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of Ohio Water's efforts to obtain such recovery, manage