ective through June 9, 1995, has a $400 million credit limit. A portion of the commercial paper outstanding, to the extent of the revolving credit limit, is classified as long-term debt. The credit agreement provides for interest at prevailing short-term rates and contains customary financial covenants, including principally a minimum tangible net worth requirement of $3 billion.
Debt Registration - ----------------- In February 1992, NS issued and sold $250 million principal amount of its 7-7/8% notes due February 15, 2004. In March 1991, NS issued and sold $250 million principal amount of its 9% notes due March 1, 2021. These notes were issued under a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed in 1991 with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering the issuance of unsecured debt securities in an aggregate principal amount of up to $750 million. Proceeds from the sale of these notes were used to purchase and retire shares of NS common stock (see Note 14), to retire short-term commercial paper debt issued to fund previous share purchases and for general corporate purposes. These notes are not redeemable prior to maturity and are not entitled to any sinking fund.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
8. Debt (continued)
A substantial portion of NS' properties and certain investments in affiliated companies are pledged as collateral for much of the secured debt.
Fair Values - ----------- The carrying value of short-term debt approximates fair value. The fair value of long-term debt, including current maturities, approximated $1.74 billion at December 31, 1993. The fair values of debt were estimated based on quoted market prices or discounted cash flows using current interest rates for debt with similar terms, company rating and remaining maturity.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
9. Lease Commitments
Among NS' leased properties are approximately 300 mile