ember 31, 1993 (see "Business of Entergy - Entergy Corporation-GSU Merger," above, for further information).
Requests for rehearing of certain aspects of the FERC order were filed on January 14, 1994, by 14 parties, including Entergy Corporation, the APSC, the Mississippi Attorney General, the LPSC, the MPSC, the Texas Office of Public Utility Counsel, and the PUCT. Entergy Corporation, the LPSC, the Texas Office of Public Utility Counsel, and the PUCT are requesting FERC to restore a 40% cap on the amount of fuel savings GSU may be required to transfer to other Entergy operating companies under a tracking mechanism designed to protect the other companies from certain unexpected increases in fuel costs. The other parties are seeking to overturn FERC's decision on various grounds. Requests for rehearing of the SEC order were filed with the SEC by Houston Industries Incorporated and Houston Lighting & Power Company on December 28, 1993, and petitions for review seeking to set aside the SEC order were filed with the D.C. Circuit by these parties on February 15, 1994 and by Cajun on February 14, 1994.
See "Nuclear Operations - River Bend," above for information on challenges to the NRC's approval of GSU's applications.
Appeals seeking to set aside the LPSC order related to the Merger were filed in the 19th Judicial District Court for the Parish of East Baton Rouge, Louisiana, by Houston Lighting & Power Company on August 13, 1993, and by the Alliance for Affordable Energy, Inc. on August 20, 1993. Subsequently, on February 9, 1994, Houston Lighting & Power Company filed a motion voluntarily dismissing its appeal.
AP&L. Three lawsuits (which have been consolidated) were filed in the Arkansas District Court by numerous plaintiffs against AP&L and Entergy Services in connection with the operation of two dams during a period of heavy rainfall and flooding in May 1990. The consolidated lawsuits sought approximately $14.4 million in property losses and other compensatory dama