ited to $20,000,000 in the aggregate. As a result, even though we have calculated total estimated future net revenues of $34,558,352 available for Support Payments and $20,000,000 of such amount has been included in our estimate of the future net cash inflow for the Wasson ODC Royalty attributable to the Trust, no additional Support Payment would be allowed due to the $20,000,000 limitation.
The proved reserves presented in this report comply with the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation S-X Part 210.4-10 Sec. (a) as clarified by subsequent Commission Staff Accounting Bulletins, and are based on the following definitions and criteria:
Proved reserves of crude oil, condensate, natural gas, and natural gas liquids are estimated quantities that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in the future from known reservoirs under existing conditions. Reservoirs are considered proved if economic producibility is supported by actual production or formation
RYDER SCOTT COMPANY PETROLEUM ENGINEERS
tests. In certain instances, proved reserves are assigned on the basis of a combination of core analysis and other type logs which indicate the reservoirs are analogous to reservoirs in the same field which are producing or have demonstrated the ability to produce on a formation test. The area of a reservoir considered proved includes (1) that portion delineated by drilling and defined by fluid contacts, if any, and (2) the adjoining portions not yet drilled that can be reasonably judged as economically productive on the basis of available geological and engineering data. In the absence of data on fluid contacts, the lowest known structural occurrence of hydrocarbons controls the lower proved limit of the reservoir. Proved reserves are estimates of hydrocarbons to be recovered from a given date forward. They may be revised as hydrocarbons are produced and additional data become available. Proved natural gas reserves are compri