f $14.2 million. The net cash used by financing activities included reductions in deposits of $3.5 million and a net reduction in borrowings of $4.1 million.
At December 31, 1993, Equity Bank held $201.6 million of mortgage- backed securities held for investment. These investments were primarily financed with FHLB advances and reverse repurchase agreements.
Risk Management - Equity Bank's management is dedicated to operating within prudent risk management policies and procedures. This includes the extension of credit to borrowers, investment purchases and liability funding.
Equity Bank currently adheres to stringent loan underwriting procedures. Loans are made primarily within Equity Bank's geographical presence. All loans other than credit card loans currently generated for portfolio purposes are adjustable rate loans. A significant number of fixed-rate mortgage loans are made each month, but are sold to the secondary market normally within 90 to 120 days after origination. The total dollar amount of unsold fixed-rate mortgage loans is dictated and monitored by the Board of Directors.
Investment purchases are approved by the Investment Committee of the Board of Directors based on the recommendations of management. Management utilizes an internal asset/liability modeling software system to analyze the current condition and matching of the balance sheet and potential investment purchases. The interest rate sensitivity of the balance sheet is monitored monthly. An upward or downward movement of interest rates of 400 basis points is projected each month to determine whether the sensitivity of assets and liabilities and the market valuation of portfolio equity is within the guidelines set forth by the Board of Directors. Equity Bank consistently operates within the approved risk limitations.
Equity Bank's Asset/Liability Committee ("ALCO") is dedicated to maintaining the deposit base at the lowest cost of funds without significantly disturbing customer service. All sour