on is subject to regulatory supervision under the laws of the states in which it operates. Regulations vary from state to state but generally cover licensing of insurance companies, premium rates, dividend restrictions, types of insurance that may be sold, permissible investments, policy reserve requirements, and insurance marketing practices.
COMPETITION. The consumer credit industry is highly fragmented, with thousands of banks, thrifts and other financial institutions competing in the United States alone. The industry has been consolidating in recent years, and the Company expects this consolidation to continue. The Company believes it has positioned itself to compete effectively and benefit from this consolidation because of its centralized distribution, processing and marketing capabilities, and advanced technology to support these activities.
The financial services industry is highly competitive, and the Company's financial services businesses compete with a number of institutions that extend credit to consumers and businesses, some of which are larger than the Company. The Company competes not only with other finance companies, banks, and savings and loan companies, but also with credit unions and retailers. Alexander Hamilton competes with many other life insurance companies offering similar products.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
Household International has operations in 35 states in the United States, 10 provinces in Canada, 6 states and 2 territories in Australia and in the United Kingdom with principal facilities located in Anaheim, California; Chesapeake, Virginia; Chicago, Illinois; Elmhurst, Illinois; Farmington Hills, Michigan; Hanover, Maryland; Las Vegas, Nevada; North York, Ontario, Canada; Pomona, California; Prospect Heights, Illinois; St. Leonards, New South Wales, Australia; Salinas, California; Windsor, Berkshire, United Kingdom; Wood Dale, Illinois; and Worthington, Ohio.
Substantially all branch offices, bank branches, divisional offices, c