,000 in 1991.
The amended Partnership Agreement provides for the Partnership's payment to the General Partner of an annual asset management fee equal to .75% of the aggregate appraised value of the Partnership's properties as determined by independent appraisal undertaken in January of each year. Such fees for the year ended December 31, 1993, amounted to $232,000. In addition to the aforementioned, the General Partner was also paid $30,000, related to the Partnership's portion (58%) of asset management fees for Cooper Village Partners for the year ended December 31, 1993.
(5) Commitments and Contingencies
Litigation
The Partnership is not a party to any pending legal proceedings other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to its business. It is the General Partner's belief that the outcome of these proceedings will not be material to the business or financial condition of the Partnership.
DAMSON/BIRTCHER REALTY INCOME FUND-II, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Cont'd.)
(5) Commitments and Contingencies (Cont'd.)
Future Minimum Annual Rentals
The Partnership has determined that all leases which had been executed as of December 31, 1993, are properly classified as operating leases for financial reporting purposes. Future minimum annual rental income to be received under such leases as of December 31, 1993, is as follows:
Certain of these leases also provide for, among other things: tenant reimbursements to the Partnership of certain operating expenses; payments of additional rents in amounts equal to a set percentage of the tenant's annual revenue in excess of specified levels; and escalations in annual rents based upon the Consumer Price Index.
(6) Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consist of the following:
(7) Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
(8) Subsequent Event
On February 28, 1994, the Partnership made an aggregate cash distribution of $358,000 to its limited partners.
DAMSON/BIRTCHER REALTY I