 certain of its present and former locations; and when costs can be reasonably estimated, the Company records appropriate liabilities for such matters. While it is difficult to reasonably estimate the potential costs due to changes in the laws, regulations, technology, and circumstances, Management believes that compliance with present laws governing environmental protection will not materially affect the financial condition of the Company.
In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to litigation. Management believes that these suits will be resolved with no material adverse impact on the financial condition of the Company.
Note 9. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
A summary of accrued expenses and other current liabilities follows:
Note 10. Summary of Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)
The following is a tabulation of the unaudited quarterly results of operations for the years ended December 31, 1993 and 1992:
Note 11. Industry Segment Information
The Company's segments consist of Lighting, including residential, commercial, industrial and outdoor lighting products; Compressors and Vacuum Pumps; and other products.
Industry segment information follows:
Intersegment and interlocation sales are not significant and have been eliminated from the above tabulation. Operating income by segment is gross profit less operating expenses (including certain restructuring costs), excluding interest, general corporate expenses, other income, and income taxes. Corporate assets consist principally of highly liquid investments. Capital expenditures exclude property, plant and equipment of acquired companies at date of acquisition.
Information by geographic area follows:
Financial Review
Responsibility for Financial Reporting
The Board of Directors and Shareholders Thomas Industries Inc.
The financial statements herein have been prepared under management direction from accounting records which management believes present fairl