d is subject to governmental, agricultural and export policies as well as the weather. The discussion below is presented only for historical purposes except for any references to specialty vegetable oils.
The transferred portion of the Agribusiness operations produced and marketed planting seeds for agricultural crops. The principal seed products were hybrid seed corn, hybrid sorghum, soybeans, hybrid sunflowers, alfalfa, and cotton. Revenues from planting seeds contributed approximately 75% of the Agribusiness sales in 1992 and 68% in 1991.
Substantially all of the company's planting seed, and oilseed for crushing, was produced by an established network of growers under specified planting conditions on a short-term contract basis. The company furnished parental seed to its growers, primarily from stock developed, multiplied and maintained by the company. Company personnel supervised planting, growing and harvesting.
The seed products were marketed through three regional groups representing eight Agrigenetics seed brands and through an international marketing group and three overseas subsidiaries, all of which sold planting seeds. The products were marketed primarily to dealers and distributors, most of whom were farmers with long-term relationships with the company. The company sold its seeds primarily in the major farm production areas in the United States. The company markets specialty vegetable oil through its own sales organization and commissioned agents. Sales to date have been principally to food processors.
The United States seed industry is highly competitive and fragmented. Based on revenue figures from industry sources, management believes the transferred Agribusiness operations were the sixth largest seed company in the United States. The market for vegetable oils is very large and very competitive. The company's TRISUN(R) sunflower oil sells for a premium over regular sunflower oil. TRISUN(R) oil is very high in monounsaturates, and therefore more stab