s forth information concerning ASB's advances from FHLB and other borrowings at the dates indicated:
(1) On borrowings at December 31.
COMPETITION
The primary factors in competing for deposits are interest rates, the quality and range of services offered, marketing, convenience of office locations, office hours and perceptions of the institution's financial soundness and safety. Competition for deposits comes primarily from other savings institutions, commercial banks, credit unions, money market and mutual funds and other investment alternatives. Additional competition for deposits comes from various types of corporate and government borrowers, including insurance companies. To meet the competition, ASB offers a variety of savings and checking accounts at competitive rates, convenient business hours, convenient branch locations with interbranch deposit and withdrawal privileges at each office and conducts advertising and promotional campaigns.
The primary factors in competing for first mortgage and other loans are interest rates, loan origination fees and the quality and range of lending services offered. Competition for origination of first mortgage loans comes primarily from other savings institutions, mortgage banking firms, commercial banks, insurance companies and real estate investment trusts. ASB believes that it is able to compete for such loans primarily through the interest rates and loan fees it charges, the type of mortgage loan programs it offers and the efficiency and quality of the services it provides its borrowers and the real estate business community.
OTHER
FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION -- HAWAIIAN TUG & BARGE CORP. AND YOUNG BROTHERS, LIMITED
GENERAL
HTB and its wholly owned subsidiary, YB, were acquired from Dillingham Corporation in 1986 for $18.7 million. HTB provides interisland marine transportation services in Hawaii and the Pacific area, including charter tug and barge and harbor tug operations. YB, which is a regulated interisland cargo carrier