nts, relocation, environmental remediation and disposal of assets related to the consolidation of certain operations in the Lighting Segment. This included the closing of one of three residential lighting plants, disposition of the Company's electronic ballast technology and related assets, and the consolidation of certain manufacturing and administrative functions. Other charges relate to the discontinuance of a joint venture and other nonproducing assets.
Note 3. Income Taxes
Effective January 1, 1993, the Company adopted the asset and liability method of SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." The Company previously used the asset and liability method under SFAS No. 96, "Accounting for Income Taxes." The effect of this change on net income for 1993 was not significant.
A summary of the provision for income taxes follows:
The components of the provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes are as follows:
The components of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 1993 are as follows:
SFAS No. 109 requires that deferred tax asset and liabilities are classified according to the related asset and liability classification on the balance sheet.
The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company generating future taxable income when temporary differences become deductible. Based upon historical and projected levels of taxable income, management believes it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences, net of the valuation allowance, of $3,078,000. The valuation allowance is provided for loss carryforwards in states and foreign jurisdictions, the realization of which is not assured within the carryforward periods.
The U.S. and foreign components of income before income taxes follow:
A reconciliation of the normal statutory federal income tax with the Company's provision for income taxes follows:
The Company's foreign subsidiaries have accumulated undistributed earnings ($12,8