d the systems integration business in which it performs a service for the customer by integrating hardware and software. The growth in service revenue for the last two years has been sustained by the increase in this business which is now approximately 32% of service revenue. Service revenue in total has grown from 20% of total revenue in 1991 to just under 40% of total revenue in 1993.
MANUFACTURING AND QUALITY
To maintain product quality and to control production cycles to satisfy customer demand, Convex has implemented an internal manufacturing capability. The Company's manufacturing operations are located in Richardson, Texas, and consist primarily of assembly and test of parts, components and subassemblies and final assembly of the product.
Convex principally uses standard off-the-shelf components available from multiple vendors. However, certain parts and components used in the Company's products are currently available only from limited sources. These include such items as custom VLSI gate arrays, which are designed by Convex and manufactured by Fujitsu Microelectronics Incorporated, custom gallium arsenide gate arrays manufactured by Vitesse Semiconductor Corporation, and custom BiCMOS gate arrays manufactured by Texas Instruments. In 1994 both the next generation C Series product and the scalable parallel product will make use of leading edge semiconductor devices. As a result, the Company has only one source for certain key components. There are still significant technical and manufacturing uncertainties involved in the Company successfully bringing these new products to market. In addition, the Company's ability to manufacture its new products in quantities adequate to meet potential demand will require that the Company receive sufficient quantities of these semiconductor devices. Convex attempts to reduce risks of interruption in its supply of components by establishing backup vendors where feasible.
RESEARCH AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
The Company's researc