l receive a cash payment equal to the number of units in his Plan Account multiplied by the per-share value of Holding common stock based on the then last year-end appraisal. If a participating director is removed for cause, his entire interest in the Plan is forfeited. Employee-directors and Messrs. Nickell and Schuchert do not participate in this Plan.
Mr. Donley and Dr. Cyert, directors who retired in December 1993, each received a payment of $113,053 pursuant to the Supplemental Compensation Plan.
Corporate Officers Severance Plan and Other Employment or Severance Arrangements
The Board of Directors approved a severance plan for executive officers (the "Officers Severance Plan"), effective April 27, 1991. The Officers Severance Plan provides that any participant whose employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company without "Cause" (as defined in the Officers Severance Plan) or who leaves the Company for "Good Reason" (as defined in the Officers Severance Plan) shall be paid an amount equal to the sum of two (three in the case of the Chief Executive Officer) times such participant's annual base salary at the rate in effect at the time of termination, a proration of the then Annual Incentive Plan target award (described previously), and one (two in the case of the Chief Executive Officer) times such target award. In addition, group life, accident, and disability insurance coverages, as well as group medical coverage, will be continued for up to 24 (36 in the case of the Chief Executive Officer) months following such officer's termination. The Named Officers (other than Mr. Smith, who retired in December 1993) are participants in this Plan.
An agreement was entered into with H. Thompson Smith in December 1993 concerning the terms of his termination of employment and retirement. Under that agreement he is entitled to receive his 1993 Annual Incentive Plan award in the amount of $154,000 and will be entitled to receive the same amount in March 1995. In addition