ted multi-family and commercial real estate loans prior to the establishment of the Nationwide lending program. The remaining loan balance for these assets was assets was $4.8 million at December 31, 1993. Also, the Bank acquired 82 multi-family and commercial real estate loans totaling $29.3 million during 1993 as part of the Elm Financial acquisition.
billion represented multi-family loans, $73.0 million represented commercial real estate loans, and $10.3 million represented land loans. For a discussion of geographic concentration risk associated with the Nationwide lending program, see "NOTE W - Concentration of Credit Risk" to the Consolidated Financial Statements and "Credit" in Management's Discussion and Analysis contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
Since 1990, the Bank's only multi-family or commercial lending activity outside of the Chicago metropolitan area has been limited to financing arrangements provided to facilitate real estate owned ("REO") sales or to reacquire loans that had been sold with recourse provisions. See "NOTE U - Financial Instruments With Off- Balance Sheet Credit Risk" to the audited financial statements contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholders filed as an exhibit hereto.
At the time of originations, all of the properties securing the loans that were originated under the "Nationwide" lending program were inspected by the Bank's loan underwriters. The Bank obtained appraisals of each property in accordance with federal regulations. Appraisals used in connection with underwriting were performed by independent appraisers who were members of the American Institute of Real Estate Appraisers (MAI) and were approved by the Bank's Board Of Directors. The Bank's original underwriting policy for multi-family and commercial loans required debt service coverage ratios of 1.10:1, using the midpoint of the interest rate ceilings and floors. Appraisals performed by independent appraisers during o