tion 1.2. Accounting Term and Determinations. Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted, and all accounting determinations required hereunder shall be made and all financial statements delivered hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time, applied on a basis consistent (except for changes concurred in by the Borrower's independent public accountants) with the most recent financial statements of the Borrower delivered to the Bank.
ARTICLE II
THE ADVANCES
Section 2.1. The Advances. The Bank agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, from time to time on any Business Day during the Line of Credit Period, to make one or more loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Available Amount as of such Business Day (the "Line of Credit Commitment"). Each of the loans made to the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.1 (the "Advances") shall be in an amount equal to $5,000 or an integral multiple thereof. The Borrower may, within the foregoing limits, borrow amounts under this Section 2.1, repay such amounts at maturity in accordance with Section 2.5, prepay such amounts in accordance with Section 2.6 and reborrow amounts under this Section 2.1.
Section 2.2. Method of Borrowing. The Borrower may request loans pursuant to Section 2.1 by giving the Bank notice (which notice may be given by telephone by an Authorized Person if promptly confirmed in writing by an Authorized Person) not later than 10:00 A.M. (Eastern Time) at least two Business Days before the date of the proposed loan specifying (i) the date of the proposed loan (which must be a Business Day), (ii) the amount to be borrowed, (iii) whether the proposed loan is to bear interest at the Prime- Based Rate of the Euro-Dollar-Based Rate and (iv) in the case of a proposed loan that is to bear interest at the Euro-Dollar Based Rate, the Interest Period applicable thereto. The Bank shall (unl