) and PRO-Keds(R) brands for distribution in the United States and Canada. During the first quarter of fiscal 1993, the Company entered into a license agreement under which apparel, using the KEDS(R) trademark, is marketed in Japan. In addition, during fiscal year 1993, the Company terminated a license agreement for the KEDS(R) trademark on women's apparel, in the United States and Canada. License royalties accounted for less than one percent of the Company's sales in fiscal year 1993. The Company continually evaluates new licensees, for both footwear and non-footwear products.
Raw Materials - -------------
The Company purchases its raw materials from a number of domestic and foreign sources. See "International Sourcing". The Company does not believe that any particular raw materials supplier is dominant.
Backlog - -------
At December 3, 1993 and November 27, 1992, the Company had a backlog of orders amounting to approximately $201,000,000 and $184,000,000, respectively. To a significant extent, the backlog at the end of each fiscal year represents orders for the Company's spring footwear styles, and traditionally substantially all of such orders are delivered during the first two quarters of the next fiscal year. For a discussion of the impact on backlog of the opening of the Company's new distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky, reference is hereby made to the portion of the Company's annual report to stockholders entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources".
Competition - -----------
The Company competes with a number of suppliers of children's footwear, a few of which are divisions of companies which have substantially greater net worth and/or sales revenue than the Company. Management believes, however, that on the basis of sales, the Company is the largest supplier of nationally branded children's footwear.
In the highly fragmented sneaker, casual and recreational footwea