tax returns with Caterpillar, and Caterpillar agreed, among other things, to collect from or pay to the Company, within 45 days of realization, its allocated share of any consolidated income tax liability or credit applicable to any period for which the Company is included in Caterpillar's consolidated federal income tax return. The Tax Sharing Agreement sets forth the method by which the Company's allocated share shall be determined and provides that Caterpillar will indemnify the Company for any related tax liability in excess of that amount. Similar agreements were executed between Caterpillar Financial Australia Limited and Caterpillar of Australia Ltd. with respect to taxes payable in Australia, and between the Company and Caterpillar with respect to taxes payable in Germany.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties
The Company does not own any real estate. Its principal executive offices are comprised of approximately 49,000 square feet of office space at 3322 West End Avenue, Nashville, Tennessee.
As of December 31, 1993, the Company had additional offices in or near Phoenix, Arizona; Dallas, Texas; Atlanta, Georgia; Baltimore, Maryland; Chicago, Illinois; Melbourne, Australia; Calgary, Alberta; Toronto, Ontario; Munich, Germany; Leipzig, Germany; Stockholm, Sweden; Oslo, Norway; Arhus, Denmark; Paris, France; London, England; and Madrid, Spain. For more information on leases, see Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Item 3.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The Company is a party to various litigation matters and claims, and, while the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes the final outcome of such matters and claims will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position.
Item 4.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Information for this Item 4 is not required. See General Instruction J.
PART II.
Item 5.
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Rel