indicate that the Association is more asset sensitive than indicated by the net interest income analysis. Since the portfolio equity analyses are static analyses and do not take into account the effect of projected changes in the balance sheet such as some continued deposit disintermediation, the portfolio equity analyses indicate that Northeast Savings' interest rate risk exposure is more strongly asset sensitive.
The results of the simulations just noted are also used to measure compliance with Northeast Savings' stated interest rate risk management policy. The Association has a stated policy of limiting its exposure to
interest rate changes. Should the Association's exposure to plausible changes in interest rates exceed the limits set by policy, the Association would be required to hedge its exposure in such a way as to reduce it to less than the stated limits. In general, the Association has relied on the implementation of its overall strategy to manage interest rate risk rather than relying on the use of financial hedging vehicles. The Association's investment and interest rate risk management policies do permit the use of vehicles such as standard interest rate swaps and interest rate caps to manage its interest rate risk exposure.
IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
In December 1990, the FASB issued SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions." SFAS 106 focuses principally on postretirement health care benefits and significantly changes the prevalent current practice of accounting for postretirement benefits on a pay-as-you-go (cash) basis by requiring accrual of the expected cost of providing those benefits. SFAS 106 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1992. The impact of the adoption of SFAS 106 on the financial condition and results of operations of the Company is approximately $444,000. The Company implemented SFAS 106 during the quarter ended March 31, 1993 and is amortizing the e