agreeing to pay all of the premiums, the Owner agrees to grant the Assignee a security for the recovery of the Assignee's premium outlay.
NOW, THEREFORE for value received, the Employer and the Employee agree as follows:
PART I - Individual Life Insurance Agreement
A. Description of Policy - Policy Ownership In furtherance of the purposes of the Agreement, The Employee will purchase and own a certain policy of life insurance on his own life, being Policy No. issued by Security Life of Denver Insurance Company. Said policy is hereinafter called "the Policy" and said life insurance company is hereinafter called "the Insurer". The Employee's ownership of the Policy shall be subject to all the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
B. Payment of Premiums The Employer shall pay the entire annual premium for the Policy directly to the Insurer.
C. Collateral Assignment and Possession of Policy To secure repayment of premiums paid by the Employer provided for in Section B, above, Part II of this Agreement includes an assignment of the policy or the Employee's interest therein (hereinafter called "Collateral Assignment") and provides for the transfer of possession of the Policy to the Employer during the term specified in Part II of this Agreement. Except as provided in or as otherwise consistent with the provisions of this Agreement, the Employer covenants that it will not exercise its rights under the Collateral Assignment provisions of this Agreement in such a manner as to defeat the rights of the Employee or the policy beneficiary under this Agreement. Specifically, the Employer covenants that it will not surrender the Policy unless Part I of the Agreement has terminated as provided in Section F and there has been a default in Employee's obligation under Section G of this Part I. The Employer shall have possession of the Policy during the period that the Employer makes premium payments and until all such payments are repaid. The Employer shall make the Policy 