ION
General
BankAtlantic is a member of the FHLB system and its deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC. BankAtlantic is subject to supervision, examination and regulation by the OTS and to a lesser extent by the FDIC as the insurer of its deposits. BankAtlantic must file reports with the OTS and the FDIC concerning its activities and financial condition, in addition to obtaining regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions. There are periodic examinations by the OTS and the FDIC to examine BankAtlantic's compliance with various regulatory requirements. The regulatory structure also gives regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement policies with respect to the classification of non-performing and other assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Additionally, as a company having a class of publicly held equity securities, BankAtlantic is subject to the reporting and other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Legislative Developments
In recent years, measures have been taken to reform the thrift and banking industries and to strengthen the insurance funds for depository institutions. The most significant of these measures was the Financial Institution Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 ("FIRREA"), which has had a major impact on the operations and regulation of savings associations generally. In 1991, a comprehensive deposit insurance and banking reform plan, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA"), became law. Although FDICIA's primary purpose is to recapitalize the Bank Insurance Fund (the "BIF") of the FDIC, FDICIA also affects the supervision and regulation of all federally insured depository institutions, including federal savings banks such as BankAtlantic.
The Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 - FIRREA, enacted in re