rwarding, voice mail, facsimile and data transmission.
Cellular telephone systems divide each service area into smaller geographic areas or "cells." Each cell is served by radio transmitters and receivers operating on discrete radio frequencies licensed by the FCC. All of the cells in a system are connected to a computer-controlled Mobile Telephone Switching Office ("MTSO"). The MTSO is connected to the conventional ("landline") telephone network. Each conversation on a cellular phone involves a transmission over a specific range of radio frequencies from the cellular phone to a transmitter/receiver at a cell site. The transmission is forwarded from the cell site to the MTSO and from there may be forwarded to the landline telephone network to complete the call. As the cellular telephone moves from one cell to another, the MTSO determines radio signal strength and transfers ("hands off") the call from one cell to the next. This hand-off is not noticeable to either party on the phone call.
The Company provides cellular telephone service under licenses granted by the FCC. The FCC grants only two licenses to provide cellular telephone service in each market. However, competition for customers includes competing communications technologies such as conventional landline and mobile telephone, SMR systems and radio paging. In addition, emerging technologies such as Enhanced Specialized Mobile Radio ("ESMR"), mobile satellite communication systems, second generation cordless telephones ("CT-2") and PCS may prove to be competitive with cellular service in the future in some or all of the markets where the Company has operations.
The services available to cellular customers and the sources of revenue available to cellular system operators are similar to those provided by conventional landline telephone companies. Customers are charged a separate fee for system access, airtime, long-distance calls, and ancillary services.
Technical standards require that analog cellular telepho