s. One of the manufacturing facilities occupies a building owned by the Company, subject to mortgages, totaling approximately 178,000 square feet. The Automotive Products Business also uses additional manufacturing facilities located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, owned and leased by the Company. During 1993, the Automotive Products Business under-utilized the productive capacity of its facilities.
In December 1993, International Bearings, Inc. ("IBI") of Memphis, Tennessee, was acquired as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company operating as a separate entity within the Automotive Products Division. IBI is a warehouse unit operating from a leased warehouse of approximately 45,000 square feet in an industrial park section of Memphis, TN.
Industrial Products Business - ----------------------------
The Company owns several buildings, some of which are subject to mortgages, totaling approximately 668,000 square feet located in Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Oklahoma, which the Industrial Products Business uses for showrooms, offices and warehouse facilities. The Company also owns real property located near or adjacent to the above-referenced buildings, which the Industrial Products Business uses for parking and storage.
The Industrial Products Business also leases a facility from an entity owned by the immediate family of the Company's President, which facility occupies approximately seven acres in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, with buildings having approximately 44,000 square feet. The Industrial Products Business also has an office in Europe to coordinate its European activities.
All of the properties utilized by the Industrial Products Business are considered by Company management to be suitable and adequate to meet the needs of the Industrial Products Business.
Financial Services Business - ---------------------------
The Financial Services Business' corporate headquarters is located in approximately 26,700 square feet of leased office space in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. In addit