of the retained share, the proceeds of such excess are also split between the stockholder and the ratepayers, except that the portion of the sale that accrues to the stockholder's benefit cannot exceed the retained share.
Least Cost Planning. On December 1, 1992 and July 1, 1993, AP&L filed with the APSC the Least Cost Plan described in "Business of Entergy - Competition - Least Cost Planning," above. AP&L also requested authorization to recover development and implementation costs and costs and incentives related to the DSM aspects of the plan. On October 13, 1993, the APSC found AP&L's plan to be complete and directed the APSC staff to conduct a series of public forums in late 1993, including focus groups, town meetings, and collaborative workshops, before it would establish a procedural schedule that would include evidentiary hearings and the issuance of a Least Cost Plan order. Several of these meetings were delayed into 1994, but are expected to be completed by March 1994. At or before that time, AP&L expects the APSC to issue a procedural schedule that will allow the APSC to issue an order before the end of 1994. On January 19, 1994, AP&L filed a request with the APSC for permission to withdraw the CCLM portion of the filing and to continue such programs on a pilot basis at shareholder expense. The APSC has not yet ruled on AP&L's request.
Fuel Adjustment Clause. AP&L's retail rate schedules have a fuel adjustment clause that provides for recovery of the excess cost of fuel and purchased power incurred in the second preceding month. The fuel adjustment clause also contains a nuclear reserve fund designed to cover the cost of replacement energy during scheduled maintenance and refueling outages at ANO, and an incentive provision that permits over- or under-recovery of the excess cost of replacement energy when ANO is operating or down for reasons other than refueling.
GSU
Rate Cap and Other Merger-Related Rate Agreements. The LPSC and the PUCT approved separate