any breach by the Executive of the provisions of Sections 11 or 12 of this Agreement will be inadequate and that the Company will also be entitled to injunctive relief without bond against any such breach. Such injunctive relief will not be exclusive but will be in addition to any other relief that the Company may have.
c. There are no agreements or understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto other than those set forth in this Agreement, and there are no agreements or understandings which in any way alter, modify, amend or otherwise change this Agreement, with the exception of a certain Severance Agreement between the Executive and the Company, dated as of October 21, 1993, as such may be further modified, amended or replaced (the "Severance Agreement"). In the event that any "change in control" as defined in the Severance Agreement occurs during the Employment Period, which event triggers the terms of the Severance Agreement, then the parties hereto hereby agree that the Severance Agreement shall thenceforth be deemed to supersede this Agreement in all respects, except that Executive shall retain all his rights under Section 5b iv., v. and vi.
d. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts applicable to instruments under seal.
e. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
f. This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
g. The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
NOW THEREFORE, the parties set their hands and seals on this 21st day of October, 1993.
Signed: