 the option, but not the obligation, to acquire any loan owned by Equity Bank that has been charged off or written down for a price equal to the net book value of such loan that has been written down and for a price of $1.00 in the case of each loan that has been charged off ( Other Loans ).
The Company currently expects that the purchase price to be paid by the Purchaser for Equity Bank will be approximately $92 million, subject to determination and adjustment in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement (the Purchase Price ). The Purchase Price is based on a number of estimates, and the amount of the Purchase Price cannot be determined exactly until the closing of the sale of Equity Bank. The Company will use approximately $65.4 million, plus interest, of the Purchase Price to repay certain indebtedness the Company intends to incur to finance the purchase from Equity Bank of the Retained Corporations. In addition, it is anticipated that the Company will use approximately $19.2 million of the Purchase Price to purchase from Equity
LSB Industries, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
1. Basis of Presentation (continued)
Bank the Retained Assets, which is the carrying value of the Retained Assets on the books of Equity Bank as of December 31, 1993. As of this date, the Company has made no decision if it will acquire any of the Other Loans.
As of December 31, 1993, Equity Bank owned approximately $33.6 million of the Receivables, which if the closing occurs on or about June 30, 1994, the Company expects such to be less than $10 million as of the closing. On or prior to the closing, the Company expects to have secured an accounts receivable line of credit to replace, in whole or in part, the accounts receivable financing provided by Equity Bank. The Company expects to use the proceeds to be received from the new accounts receivable line of credit to finance the repurchase of the Receivables from Equity Bank at the closing.
The balance of the Purc