IF. The FDIC is entitled to have access to reports of examination of St. Paul Federal made by the Director of the OTS and all reports of condition filed by St. Paul Federal with the Director of the OTS, and may require the Bank to file such additional reports as the FDIC determines to be advisable for insurance purposes. The FDIC may determine by regulation or order that any specific activity poses a serious threat to the SAIF and that no SAIF member may engage in the activity directly. The FDIC is also authorized to issue and enforce such regulations or orders as it deems necessary to prevent actions of savings institutions that pose a serious threat to SAIF.
Under the FDICIA, the FDIC was required to promulgate regulations establishing a risk-based assessment system. Furthermore, effective January 1, 1998, the FDIC is required to set SAIF semiannual assessment rates in an amount sufficient to increase the reserve ratio of the SAIF to 1.25% of insured deposits over no more than a 15-year period. The FDICIA also gives the FDIC the authority to establish a higher reserve ratio.
As part of the risk-based deposit insurance system, the deposit insurance assessment rate was increased from .23% of an institution's assessed deposits for 1992 to an assessment rate within the range of .23% to .31% for all SAIF members, depending on the assessment risk classification assigned to each institution, effective January 1, 1993. Each SAIF member is assigned to one of three capital groups: "well capitalized," "adequately capitalized," or "less than adequately capitalized." Such terms are defined in the same manner as under the OTS's prompt corrective action regulation (discussed above), except that "less than adequately capitalized" includes any institution that is not well capitalized or adequately capitalized. Within each capital group, institutions are assigned to one of three supervisory subgroups -- "healthy" (institutions
that are financially sound with only a few minor weakne