 foreclosure. If the applicable period of redemption by the borrower (which varies from state to state and by method of foreclosure pursued) has expired, the Association is free to sell the property.
The remedies available to lenders when a residential mortgage borrower is in default vary from state to state. Certain states have antideficiency and homeowner provisions which limit the Association's ability to foreclose upon, or otherwise obtain ownership of, the property collateralizing the loan and which prevent the Association from recovering from the borrower any deficiency realized from the sale of such property. In these states the Association generally has an option to sue on the note in lieu of a judicial foreclosure.
The activity in the Association's REO is presented in the following table:
- -------- * During the quarter ended September 30, 1993, $30.3 million of REO was sold in a single transaction. The total loss on the sale was $6.8 million, including a provision of $6.0 million recorded in June in anticipation of the sale. Excluding this sale, sales of REO for the year ended December 31, 1993 totaled $52.8 million.
The following table presents Northeast Savings' REO by property type at the dates indicated.
The following table shows the detail of Northeast Savings' REO by state:
The following table details the Association's REO by state and property type at December 31, 1993:
The $24.4 million decrease in REO at December 31, 1993 from a year earlier was due primarily to the sale in a single transaction of $30.3 million of the Company's portfolio of single-family residential REO. The turnover of single- family residential REO has been relatively rapid. Of the $57.2 million of single-family residential REO at December 31, 1993, only thirty-four properties totaling $17.3 million were in the portfolio for longer than one year. The table below presents the aging of foreclosed properties at the dates indicated:
During the year ended December 31, 1993, 281 REO p