g on matters which involve their own
compensation arrangements. The Salary Committee for the year 1993 was
comprised of three Directors: Louis Berkman, Alvin G. Keller and William D.
Eberle.
Louis Berkman is an employee of the Corporation and Chairman of the
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors. He is also the President and a
Director of The Louis Berkman Company. The Corporation's Chief Executive
Officer and President are also officers and directors of The Louis Berkman
Company.
The Louis Berkman Company and William D. Eberle had certain transactions
with the Corporation which are more fully described under "Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions."
(f) SALARY COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
The Salary Committee approves salaries for executive officers within a
range from $150,000 up to $200,000 and increases in the salary of any executive
officer, which would result in such officer earning a salary within such range.
Salaries of $200,000 per year and above must be approved by the Board
of Directors or its Executive Committee after a recommendation by the Salary
Committee. Salaries for executive officers below the level of $150,000 are set
by the Chairman, President and Senior Vice President of the Corporation.
Bonuses are discretionary and determined in the same manner as set forth above.
All executive compensation is reviewed by the Salary Committee at intervals
ranging between twelve and twenty-four months.
The compensation of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, as well
as the other applicable executive officers, is based on an analysis conducted
by the Salary Committee in 1992 and reviewed and, to the extent provided above,
approved by the Board of Directors. The Committee does not specifically link
remuneration solely to quantitative measures of performance because of the
cyclical nature of the industries and markets served by the Corporation. In
setting compensation, the Committee also considers various qualitative facto