tober 1, 1993, Colorado assigned an undivided interest in a portion of its company-owned leases (representing approximately 20% of Colorado's owned reserves) to a new subsidiary. The subsidiary has entered into a contract to sell the production to Colorado's Merchant Division, which utilizes the gas primarily for its sales to Colorado's traditional customers. The reserve volumes reported represent those interests retained by Colorado together with those assigned to the new subsidiary.
Gas sales revenues were $223 million in 1993, compared to $261 million in 1992. This decrease is due largely to the fact that prior to the mandated restructuring under Order 636 the costs of providing gathering, storage and transportation services for sales customers were recovered as part of the total resale rate and were classified as part of gas sales revenue. Subsequent to restructuring, these costs are now recovered under separate rates for each service.
Colorado has engaged in "open access" transportation and storage of gas owned by third parties for several years. In addition, prior to October 1, 1993, Colorado provided storage and transportation services as part of its "bundled" sales service. As a result of Order 636, the Company has "unbundled" these services from its sales services and will continue to provide these services to third parties under individual contracts. Such services will be at negotiated rates that are within minimum and maximum levels established by the FERC. Also, pursuant to Order 636, Colorado, on September 30, 1993, sold all of its working gas except for 3.8 Bcf which it retained for operational needs.
Colorado's deliveries for the years 1993, 1992 and 1991 are as follows:
GAS GATHERING AND PROCESSING
Prior to Order 636, Colorado gathered and processed gas incident to its "bundled" sales service (which also included storage and transportation activities). However, in compliance with the FERC mandated restructuring, Colorado now provides gathering and pr