y's capability represents its 90% interest in Grand Gulf 1 (78.5% ownership interest and 11.5% leasehold interest). South Mississippi Electric Power Association has the remaining 10% undivided ownership interest in Grand Gulf 1. Entitlement to System Energy's capacity has been allocated to AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI pursuant to the Unit Power Sales Agreement.
(8) Includes 188 MW of capacity leased by AP&L through 1999.
Representatives of the System regularly review load and capacity projections in order to coordinate and recommend the location and time of installation of additional generating capacity and of interconnections in light of the availability of power, the location of new loads, and maximum economy to the System. Based on load and capability projections, the System has no need to install additional generating capacity until 1999. To delay the need for new capacity, the System is engaging in conservation and DSM programs, as discussed in "Business of Entergy - Competition - Least Cost Planning," above. When new generation resources are needed, the System plans to meet this need with a variety of sources other than construction of new base load generating capacity. In the meantime, the System will meet capacity needs by, among other things, removing generating stations from extended reserve shutdown. Generating stations brought out of extended reserve shutdown during 1993 added 248 MW to meet operating requirements.
Under the terms of the System Agreement, some of the generating capacity and other power resources are shared among the System operating companies. Among other things, the System Agreement provides that parties having generating capacity greater than their load requirements sell such capacity to those parties having deficiencies in generating capacity and that the purchasers pay to the sellers a charge sufficient to cover certain of the sellers' ownership costs, including operating expenses, fixed charges on debt, dividend requirements on prefe