 will therefore not be material.
The Company currently has pending against it, a lawsuit relating to performance shortfalls in products delivered by its Delaval Turbine Division in a prior year and two lawsuits pending against it relating to breach of contract and warranty claims with respect to its former diesel engine division. These actions seek damage awards ranging individually from $3 million to $8 million.
With respect to the litigation and claims described in the preceding paragraphs, it is management's opinion that the Company either expects to prevail, has adequate insurance coverage or has established appropriate reserves to cover potential liabilities; however, the ultimate outcome of any of these matters is indeterminable at this time.
In addition, the Company is involved in various other pending legal proceedings arising out of the Company's business. The adverse outcome of any of these legal proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. However, if all or substantially all of these legal proceedings were to be determined adversely to the Company, which is viewed by the Company as only a remote possibility, there could be a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company.
Item 4.
Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
No matter was submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders during the fourth quarter of 1993.
Executive Officers of the Registrant
The following table sets forth information concerning the names, ages and principal occupations of the executive officers of the Company:
Name Age Principal Occupation
Donald K. Farrar * 55 Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas J. Bird, Jr. 50 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary William M. Brown 51 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer J. Dwayne Attaway 52 Executive Vice President John J. Carr 51 Executive Vice President Brian Lewis 60 Executive Vice President Gary 