Federal Reserve Board require the Bank to maintain non- interest bearing reserves against the Bank's transaction accounts (primarily NOW and money-market checking accounts) and non-personal time deposits. Because of its ownership of the Bank, Household International is a savings and loan holding company subject to reporting and other regulations of the OTS. Household International has agreed with the OTS to maintain the regulatory capital of the Bank at certain specified levels. This agreement between Household International and the OTS was amended in 1989 to reflect regulatory changes in the methodology of calculating the Bank's regulatory capital.
Household Bank, National Association, Household Bank (Illinois), National Association, Household Bank (Nevada), National Association and Household Bank (SB), National Association are chartered by the Comptroller of the Currency and are members of the Federal Reserve System. The deposit accounts of these national banks are insured by the FDIC. National banks are generally subject to the same type of regulatory supervision and restrictions as the Bank, although these national banks only engage in credit card operations.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA"), enacted in December 1991, significantly expanded the regulatory and enforcement powers of federal banking regulators, in particular the FDIC. FDICIA also created additional reporting, disclosure and independent auditing requirements, changed FDIC insurance premiums from flat amounts to a new system of risk-based assessments, and placed limits on the ability of depository institutions to acquire brokered deposits.
Under FDICIA, there are five tiers of capital measurement for regulatory purposes ranging from "Well-Capitalized" to "Critically Undercapitalized". FDICIA directs banking regulators to take increasingly strong corrective steps, based on the capital tier of any subject insured depository institution, to cause such bank to 