rotection of Chapter 11 during the year, the payment of certain liabilities has been stayed. It is a condition to confirmation of the Amended Plan, that the Trust obtain a working capital loan of approximately ten million dollars to meet capital needs in excess of available income. However, capital resources and the amount and timing of Trust liabilities cannot be finally determined until the status of the Amended Plan is finally determined.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
1993 vs. 1992
Results of operations for 1993 were affected principally by the continuing downturn in the general economy, as reflected in the commercial real estate market, through California and Arizona and especially in Southern California.
Approximately 74% of the year's net loss was effected by the total valuation loss of $53,089,000, as applied to the Trust's real properties, notes receivable and partnership interests. The provision for valuation loss reflects recent independent appraisals and managements's estimates of net realizable value on the Trust's real properties, notes receivable secured by real properties and partnership interests compared with book value. Factors considered include increased capitalization rates, decreased rental rates and decreased occupancy rates for many of the Trust's properties.
The largest valuation losses recorded against real properties aggregated $25,183,000 on the following properties: Redding Park Holiday Inn (Redding, CA), Pacific Palisades Office Building (Pacific Palisades, CA), Sacramento Holiday Inn (Sacramento, CA), Chico Holiday Inn (Chico, CA), Town Center Garden Office Park (Long Beach, CA) Trade Center A (Rancho Cordova, CA), Florin Perkins land (Sacramento, CA), Parthenia land (Northridge, CA) and Casa Grande Motor Inn (Arroyo Grande, CA).
The largest valuation loss recorded against notes receivable collateralized by real properties was $2,400,000 on a note secured by Southcoast Commerce (Fountain Valley, CA).
Total valuation losses of $12,472,000 were 