t to any deduction for Social Security or other offset amounts. The retirement annuity is reduced 3% per year in the case of retirement between ages 60 and 62 and further reduced 6% per year in the case of retirement between ages 55 and 60. If an employee retires after age 62, there is no reduction in the retirement annuity.
PENSION PLAN TABLE
Compensation upon which retirement benefits are based consists of the average of the 36 consecutive months of the employee's highest salary, as listed in the Summary Compensation Table, out of the employee's most recent 10 years of service. With respect to Messrs. Disbrow and Katlic, since they retired in 1993, the amounts of $600,000 and $316,944, respectively, are the actual salaries upon which their retirement benefits are based. Mr. Disbrow's retirement benefit was enhanced by computing his benefit based on his 1992 base salary. As of December 31, 1993, the number of full years of service credited under the Retirement Plan to each of the executive officers of I&M named in the Summary Compensation Table were as follows: Dr. Draper, 1 year; Mr. Disbrow, 39 years; Mr. DeMaria, 34 years; Mr. Katlic, 10 years; Mr. Maloney, 38 years; Mr. Dowd, 31 years; and Mr. Lhota, 29 years.
Dr. Draper's employment agreement described below provides him with a supplemental retirement annuity that credits him with 24 years of service in addition to his years of service credited under the Retirement Plan less his actual pension entitlement under the Retirement Plan and any pension entitlements from prior employers.
Mr. Katlic has a contract with the Service Corporation under which the Service Corporation agrees to provide him with a supplemental retirement annuity equal to the annual pension that Mr. Katlic would have received with service of 30 years under the AEP System Retirement Plan as then in effect, less his actual annual pension entitlement under the Retirement Plan. Mr. Katlic commenced receiving his supplemental annuity upon his retir