rity trademark and are used in drilling oil and gas wells and in the mining industry.
Production Tools. Registrant's Guiberson AVA Division produces and markets a broad line of tools which are sold to the completion, production and workover segments of the oil production industry.
Drilling and well servicing contractors provide the primary market for bits and tools.
Resource Exploration Services. Western Atlas International, Inc. ("Western Atlas"), an unconsolidated affiliate in which Registrant owns 29.5% of the outstanding shares, performs seismic services; integrated reservoir description services; data reduction and interpretation; core and fluids analysis; wireline logging; and provides specialized oilfield services equipment. Primary customers are the energy industry and governments worldwide. On December 8, 1993, Registrant announced it will sell its interest in Western Atlas to an affiliate of Litton Industries, Inc. for $558 million.
HYDROCARBON PROCESSING INDUSTRY
This segment designs, manufactures and markets highly engineered products and systems for energy producers, transporters, processors, distributors and users throughout the world. Products and systems of this segment include compressors, turbines, electrical generator systems, pumps, power systems, measurement and control devices, and gasoline dispensing systems.
Compressors. Dresser-Rand Company, a New York general partnership in which Registrant has a 51% interest, manufactures industrial and aircraft derivative gas turbines, centrifugal compressors, axial compressors, reciprocating compressors, axial expanders, single and multi-stage steam turbines, and electric motors and generators. Gas turbines, motors, and steam turbines are used to drive compressors, generators and pumps with applications in many markets including: cogeneration, power generation, natural gas gathering, processing, transmission and distribution, natural gas injection, petrochemical plants, and refineries. An extensive line 