ssumptions are continuously reviewed since they are subject to factors brought about by the development of new products and changes in consumer behavior patterns.
INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO
The Corporation adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115 "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" ("FAS 115") on December 31, 1993. Pursuant to the requirements of FAS 115, investment securities may be held in one of three separate portfolios. When the Corporation has the intent and ability to hold a security to maturity, it will be held in the held-to-maturity ("HTM") portfolio. Such securities are recorded at cost, net of amortization of premium and accretion of discount. At December 31, 1993, the book value of the HTM portfolio was $1.7 billion. If and when the Corporation intends to hold a security for an indefinite time period, or intends to use a security to manage the interest rate risk of the balance sheet, those securities will be held in the available-for-sale ("AFS") portfolio. The AFS portfolio is marked-to-market on a monthly basis. Changes in the fair value of the AFS portfolio are excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of equity, net of taxes. At December 31, 1993, the book value of the AFS portfolio was $1.3 billion, approximately $43.6 million above the amortized cost of the portfolio. Lastly, investment securities purchased for very short time horizons with the intent to benefit from changes in market rate or price are held in the trading account. This portfolio is carried at market value which was $53.3 million on December 31, 1993. Changes in the market value of the trading account are recorded in the income statement. Prior to the adoption of FAS 115, investment securities purchased for a shorter time horizon or to manage the interest rate risk of the balance sheet were classified as held-for-possible-sale. This portfolio was carried at the lower of cost or market value.
The AFS and