sets (such as U.S. Treasury securities and Government National Mortgage Association securities) to 100% for assets deemed to be of higher risk (such as repossessed assets and certain equity investments). Effective December 31, 1993, the OTS requires all savings associations to use fair value for valuation of foreclosed assets including repossessed assets. Previously, foreclosed assets could be carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Under this new rule, after foreclosure, foreclosed assets must be carried at the lower of cost or fair value based on an assumption that such assets are available for sale. Since 1989, the Association has carried its foreclosed assets at fair value, rather than at net realizable value. As of December 31, 1992, the OTS also removed the 200 percent risk-weight category which was previously imposed. As a result, foreclosed assets are assigned a risk- weighting of 100 percent. On March 19, 1993, the OTS issued a final rule changing the risk-based capital treatment of certain equity investments to parallel the capital treatment of those investments under the rules applicable to national banks. Effective April 13, 1993, savings associations were required to place these investments in the 100% risk-weight category. The OTS capital regulation further provides that a savings association will be deemed to be in compliance with the OTS capital requirements if it is operating under an approved capital plan and it is not critically undercapitalized as that term is defined by the prompt corrective action rule.
FDICIA required the federal banking agencies to review their risk-based capital standards to ensure that those standards take adequate account of: (1) interest rate risk; (2) concentration of credit risks; and (3) the risks of nontraditional activities. FDICIA also mandated that the federal banking agencies publish final regulations no later than 18 months after the enactment of FDICIA or June 18, 1993, as well as establish reasona