es contain acreage zoned for commercial use, although, except for the Weston Community, such acreage is generally not substantial. On both of such types of properties, the Partnership, individually or with a joint venture partner, may build shopping centers, office buildings and other commercial buildings and may sell land to be so developed.
Certain of the Communities and operations are owned by the Partnership jointly with third parties. Such investments by the Partnership are generally in partnerships or ventures which own and operate a particular property in which the Partnership or an affiliate (either alone or with an affiliate of the General Partner) has an interest.
The principal assets in which interests have been acquired by the Partnership are described in more detail under Item 2


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The principal assets being developed or managed by the Partnership are described below. The acreage amounts set forth herein are approximations of the gross acreage of the Communities or other properties referred to or described and are not necessarily indicative of the net developable acreage currently owned by the Partnership or its joint ventures. All of the Partnership's properties are subject to mortgages to secure the repayment of the Partnership's indebtedness as discussed in detail in Note 8.
(a) Palm Beach County, Florida
The Partnership owns property in Broken Sound, a 970-acre Community located in Boca Raton. The Community offers a wide range of residential products built by the Partnership or third-party builders and is in its final stage of development.
(b) Broward County, Florida
The Partnership owns property in Weston, a 7,500-acre Community in its mid stage of development. The Community offers a complete range of housing products built by the Partnership or third-party builders, as well as tennis, swim and fitness facilities, a golf course and an equestrian center. In addition, the Partnership owns commercial properties, most of which are cur