rate per equivalent Mcf was $1.00 for the years 1993, 1992 and 1991.
STANDARDIZED MEASURE OF DISCOUNTED FUTURE NET CASH FLOWS RELATING TO PROVED OIL AND GAS RESERVE QUANTITIES.
Future cash inflows from the sale of proved reserves and estimated production and development costs as calculated by the Company's independent engineers are discounted by 10% after they are reduced by the Company's estimate for future income taxes. The calculations are based on year-end prices and costs, statutory tax rates and nonconventional fuel source tax credits that relate to existing proved oil and gas reserves in which the Company has mineral interests.
The standardized measure is not intended to represent the market value of reserves and, in view of the uncertainties involved in the reserve estimation process, including the instability of energy markets, may be subject to material future revisions (millions of dollars):
Principal sources of change in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows during each year are (millions of dollars):
None of the amounts include any value for natural gas systems storage gas, which was approximately 41 Bcf of gas for CIG, 107 Bcf for ANR Pipeline and 150,000 barrels of liquids for CIG at the end of 1993.
Share of Equity Method Investment - At December 31, 1993, the net investment in Argentine properties amounted to $58.5 million, representing net proved reserves of 144.5 Bcf of gas and 6.51 million barrels of oil, condensate and natural gas liquids. The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows related to these reserves is $78.6 million at December 31, 1993. The Company's share of earnings for 1993 was approximately $5 million.
SUPPLEMENTAL STATISTICS FOR COAL MINING OPERATIONS
The following table contains Coastal's estimated recoverable coal reserves for operating properties. Reserves estimates are prepared by independent mining consultants and by internal sources (Coastal geologists and engineers). The reliability o