ticipation loan in which the lead lender elected to repurchase the Association's share of the loan. (6) Represents a whole loan participation which was serviced by another financial institution. This participation was sold because of management's concerns over the creditworthiness of that servicer. (7) Loans repurchased from prior sales due to documentation deficiencies. (8) Acquired as part of the acquisitions of Financial of Hartford, ComFed, and FarWest from the RTC and consists primarily of loans collateralized by deposit accounts.
Scheduled fixed rate and adjustable rate loan maturities of the Association's gross loan portfolio at December 31, 1993 are as follows. Actual maturities may be significantly shorter due to market conditions on interest rates.
Sales of Loans and Loan Servicing Activities. Northeast Savings sells loans primarily in order to manage interest rate risk and to maintain targeted asset growth and capital levels. In addition, other factors such as origination volume and mix as well as mortgage prepayment rates enter into the determination of the amount of fixed and adjustable rate loans originated for sale. Northeast Savings' portfolio of loans originated for sale totaled $46.1 million and $32.2 million at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
In most cases when loans are sold, Northeast Savings retains the servicing of the loans. Northeast Savings sells loans and retains the related servicing in order to increase income while fully utilizing the capacity of its loan servicing systems. Northeast Savings records gains or losses from the sale of loans that it continues to service for others by computing the present value of the difference between the yield on the loans sold and the yield to be paid to the buyer, reduced by normal servicing and guarantee fees, over the estimated remaining life of the loans. The present value gain or loss is based upon market prepayment and discount rate assumptions. An asset, known as excess servicing, which