d partnership interests and a market is not expected to develop as such limited partnership interests are not publicly traded or freely transferable.
As of February 28, 1994, the number of holders of the Partnership's interests is as follows:
General Partner 1 Limited Partners 7,186 ----- 7,187 =====
The Partnership makes quarterly cash distributions to its partners out of distributable cash pursuant to the Partnership's Agreement of Limited Partnership. Distributable cash is generally paid 99% to the Limited Partners and 1% to the General Partner.
The Partnership has paid the following quarterly cash distributions to its Limited Partners:
The Limited Partners and the General Partner are entitled to receive quarterly cash distributions, as available, in the future.
Item 6.
Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
DAMSON/BIRTCHER REALTY INCOME FUND-II, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (Cont'd.)
Item 7.
Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Capital Resources and Liquidity
The Partnership completed its acquisition program in December 1988 and is principally engaged in the operation of its properties. The Partnership intends to hold its properties as long-term investments, although properties may be sold at any time, depending upon the General Partner's judgment of the anticipated remaining economic benefits of continued ownership. That notwithstanding, the Information Statement, dated May 5, 1993, as described below, mandates that the General Partner shall seek a vote of the Limited Partner's no later than December 31, 1996, regarding prompt liquidation of the Partnership in the event that properties with appraised values as of January 1993 which constituted at least one-half of the aggregate appraised values of all Partnership properties as of January 1993, are not sold or under contract for sale by the end of 1996. Working capital is and will be principally provided from the operation of the Partnershi