or income taxes by the asset and liability method. Previously the Company deferred the tax effects of timing differences between financial reporting and taxable income. The asset and liability method requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities.
Taxes on the minority interest's share of domestic partnership earnings of consolidated entities are provided at the Company's effective domestic tax rate. See Note G for additional information.
Translation of Foreign Currencies - ---------------------------------
For subsidiaries in countries which do not have highly inflationary economies, asset and liability accounts are translated at rates in effect at the balance sheet date, and revenue and expense accounts are translated at rates approximating the actual rates on the dates of the transactions. Translation adjustments are included as a separate component of shareholders' investment.
For subsidiaries in countries with highly inflationary economies, inventories, cost of sales, property, plant and equipment and related depreciation are translated at historical rates. Other asset and liability accounts are translated at rates in effect at the balance sheet date, and revenues and expenses excluding cost of sales and depreciation are translated at rates approximating the actual rates on the dates of the transactions. Translation adjustments are reflected in the statement of earnings.
Financial Instruments - Fair Value and Off-Balance-Sheet Risk - -------------------------------------------------------------
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and accounts and notes payable approximate fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. The carrying amount of long-term debt is approximately equal to fair value based on market information.
Note A - Summary of Significant Acc