bstantial penalties. At the major stations (other than Mitchell Unit No. 3 and Pleasants, which have scrubbers), the Operating Subsidiaries meet current emission standards as to sulfur dioxide by using low-sulfur coal, by purchasing cleaned coal to lower the sulfur content, or by blending low-sulfur with higher sulfur coal.
The CAAA, among other things, require an annual reduction in total utility emissions within the United States of 10 million tons of sulfur dioxide and two million tons of nitrogen oxides from 1980 emission levels, to be completed in two phases, Phase I and Phase II. Five coal-fired System plants are affected in Phase I and the remaining five coal-fired plants and any coal-fired plants or units reactivated in the future will be affected in Phase II. Installation of scrubbers at the Harrison Power Station is the strategy undertaken by the Operating Subsidiaries to meet the required sulfur dioxide emission reductions for Phase I (1995). Continuing studies will determine the compliance strategy for Phase II (2000). It is expected that burner modifications at all power stations will satisfy the nitrogen oxide emission reduction requirements for the acid rain (Title IV) provisions of the CAAA. Additional post-combustion controls may be mandated in Maryland and Pennsylvania for ozone nonattainment (Title I) reasons. Continuous emission monitoring equipment has been installed on all Phase I units and is being installed on Phase II units. Studies to evaluate cost effective options to comply with Phase II of the CAAA, including those which may be available from the use of Operating Subsidiaries' banked emission allowances and from the emission allowance trading market, are continuing.
- 24 -
In an effort to introduce market forces into pollution control, the CAAA created sulfur dioxide emission allowances. An allowance is defined as an authorization for an owner to emit one ton of sulfur dioxide into the atmosphere during or following a specified calendar 