 current income taxes payable to Holdings amounted to $40.2 million and $45.1 million, respectively.
NOTE 15 - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISKS
The Company maintains cash, cash equivalents, investments, and certain other financial instruments with various major financial institutions. To the extent such deposits exceed maximum insurance levels, they are uninsured.
Currency swap contracts are entered into as part of the Company's funding strategy. The Company has an interest rate swap contract acquired as part of a business acquisition. Amounts under currency and interest rate swap contracts at December 31, 1993 were approximately $202.9 million. Should a counterparty to these contracts fail to meet the terms of the contracts, the Company could be at market risk for any currency and/or interest rate differentials. At December 31, 1993, the Company estimated its exposure to loss resulting from currency and interest rate differentials, in event of non-performance by all counterparties, was $14.0 million, which also approximated the estimated fair value of amounts under contract.
Associates National Bank (Delaware) a subsidiary of First Capital, makes available credit lines to holders of their credit cards. The unused portion of the available credit is revocable by the bank under specified conditions. The unused portion of the available credit at December 31, 1993 approximated $8.2 billion. The potential risk associated with, and the estimated fair value of, the unused credit lines are not considered to be significant.
The consumer operation grants revolving lines of credit to certain of its customers. At December 31, 1993, the unused portion of these lines aggregated approximately $712.4 million. The potential risk associated with, and the estimated fair value of, the unused credit lines are not considered to be significant.
The commercial operation grants lines of credit to certain dealers of truck, construction equipment and manufactured housing. At