Item 1. Business - ------- --------
General - -------
The Stride Rite Corporation is the leading marketer of high quality children's footwear in the United States and a major marketer of athletic and casual footwear for children and adults. The Company manufactures products in its own facilities in the United States and Puerto Rico and also imports a significant portion of its products from abroad. Footwear products are distributed through independent retail stores, Company-owned stores and footwear departments in department stores. Unless the context otherwise requires, the "Company" and "The Stride Rite Corporation" refer to The Stride Rite Corporation and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Products - --------
Children's footwear, designed primarily for youngsters between the ages of six months and 12 years, encompasses a complete line of products, including dress and recreational shoes, boots and sneakers, in traditional and contemporary styles. Those products are marketed under the Company's STRIDE RITE(R) trademark in medium to high price ranges.
The Company also markets sneakers and casual footwear for adults and children under the KEDS(R) and PRO-Keds(R) trademarks and casual footwear for women under the GRASSHOPPERS(R) label.
Boating footwear and portions of the Company's outdoor recreational, dress and casual footwear for adults and children are marketed under the Company's SPERRY TOP-SIDER(R) trademark. Products sold under the SPERRY TOP-SIDER(R) label also include sneakers and sandals for men and women.
Sales and Distribution - ----------------------
During the 1993 fiscal year, the Company sold its products nationwide to customers operating retail outlets, including department stores, sporting goods stores and marinas, as well as Stride Rite Bootery stores and other shoe stores operated by independent retailers. In addition, the Company sold footwear products to consumers through Company-owned stores, including two Company-owned manufacturers' outlet 