ure applications. The heat treating process of quenching and tempering improves the strength and hardness of the plate. Quenched and tempered steel is used extensively in the mining industry, the manufacture of heavy transportation equipment, and military armor.
The Company also offers customers the option of surface processing steel plate, which includes descaling (the removal of oxides from the surface of the plate) and painting. This process provides a more efficient and economical means of cleaning and coating steel products than the traditional sandblasting or hand cleaning methods.
The Company's Portland Steel Mill, on the basis of an audit conducted in 1992, has received registration under ISO-9002. This registration is the emerging international designation for demonstrating that the Company systems support the production of quality products. This was one of the first ISO-9002 registrations of a steel mill in the United States.
The Napa Facility pipe mill is one of the most versatile pipe mills in the industry. The mill can produce large diameter steel pipe ranging from 16 to 42 inches in diameter with wall thicknesses of up to 1-1/16 inches and lengths of up to 80 feet. In addition, the mill can process two different sizes of pipe simultaneously in its two finishing sections. Moreover, the Company can vary the pipe's hardness, impact resistance, strength and ability to be welded to meet the customers' specifications. The Company offers customers the option of surface processing the steel pipe, which includes descaling and internal and external coating on-site. The external coating facility was acquired by Napa in 1993. During 1989, the Company completed the construction of a full body ultrasonic inspection facility at the Napa Facility. If requested by the customer, this facility inspects the ends, long seam welds and entire body for all types of steelmaking and pipemaking imperfections and records the results for a permanent record.
The Camrose Facility pr