x certificates. Additionally, BankAtlantic has purchased banker's acceptances, which have been classified as loans. Federal regulations limit the types and quality of instruments in which BankAtlantic may invest.
Mortgage-backed securities are pools of residential loans which are made to consumers and then generally sold to governmental agencies, such as the Government National Mortgage Corporation ("GNMA"), the Federal National Mortgage Corporation ("FNMA") and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("FHLMC"). Mortgage-backed securities are either 15-30 year maturity, 5-7 year balloon maturity or ARMs. BankAtlantic generally invests in ARMs or 5-7 year balloon maturity mortgage-backed securities.
Banker's acceptances are unconditional obligations of the issuing bank and are collateralized by various means, including inventory and receivables of borrowers of the issuing bank.
BankAtlantic's portfolio also includes tax lien certificates issued by various counties in the State of Florida. Tax certificates represent a priority lien against real property for which assessed real estate taxes are delinquent. Although tax certificates have no stated maturity, the certificate holder has the right to collect the delinquent tax amount, plus interest, and can file for a deed to the underlying property if the delinquent tax amount is unpaid at the end of two years. If the certificate holder does not file for the deed within seven years, the certificate becomes null and void. BankAtlantic's experience with this type of investment has been favorable as rates earned are generally higher than many alternative investments, substantial repayment generally occurs over a two year period and losses to date, have been minimal. The primary risks BankAtlantic has experienced with tax certificates have related to the risk that additional funds may be required to purchase other certificates relating to the property, the risk that the liened property may be unusable and the risk that pote