 - Series 25, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 27 or I.R.E. Real Estate Income Fund, Ltd. on the effective dates of the 1991 Exchange Transactions. The action alleges breach of the limited partnership agreements, breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty by BFC Financial Corporation and BankAtlantic, and negligent misrepresentation by all defendants. The action seeks damages in an unstated amount, imposition of a constructive trust on the assets of the exchanging partnerships, attorney's fees, costs and such other relief as the courts may deem appropriate. Plaintiffs have voluntarily dismissed all claims which arose out of or related to the 1991 Exchange.
Shirley B. Daniels, Robert S. and Ruby L. Avans, and Dr. and Mrs. Czerny, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, Plaintiffs, vs. BFC Financial Corporation; BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank; Alan B. Levan; I.R.E. Advisors Series 25, Corp.; I.R.E. Advisors Series 27, Corp.; I.R.E. Income Advisors Corp.; First Equity Corporation of Florida, Defendants, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Fort Lauderdale Division, Case No. 92-6588-Civ-King. On January 18, 1991, BFC issued a prospectus and solicitation of consents in which it offered to exchange up to $17 million in subordinated unsecured debentures for all of the assets and liabilities of I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd.- ("Series 25"), I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd.- ("Series 27"), I.R.E. Real Estate ("Income Fund") and I.R.E. Pension Investors, Ltd the ("1991 Exchange"). The 1991 Exchange was approved by a majority of the limited partners in all of the partnerships except I.R.E. Pension Investors, Ltd. The Exchange subsequently was effectuated without I.R.E. Pension Investors, Ltd.
In December 1992, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, the result of which is to enlarge the class to all limited partners in the 1991 Exchange. Plaintiffs allege that the defendants orchestr