inated for Sale - Residential first mortgage loans originated for sale are reported at the lower of cost or market. Loan origination fees and related direct loan origination costs for these loans are deferred until the related loan is sold. Generally these loans are committed for sale prior to origination. Accordingly, the holding period for such loans is minimal.
Loan Origination and Commitment Fees, Premiums and Discounts on Loans and Mortgage Banking Activities - Origination and commitment fees collected are deferred net of direct costs and are being amortized to interest income over the loan life using the level yield method. Amortization of deferred fees is discontinued when collectibility of the related loan is deemed to be uncertain. Commitment fees related to expired commitments are recognized as income when the commitment expires. Unearned discounts on installment, second mortgage and home improvement loans are amortized to income using the level yield over the terms of the related loans. Unearned discounts on purchased loans are amortized to income using the effective interest method over the estimated life of the loans. Loan Servicing Fees - BankAtlantic services mortgage loans for investors. These mortgage loans serviced are not included in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition. Loan servicing fees are based on a stipulated percentage of the outstanding loan principal balances being serviced and are recognized as income when related loan payments from mortgagors are collected. Loan servicing costs are charged to expense as incurred. Amounts paid for purchased mortgage servicing rights are amortized to expense using the level yield over the estimated life of the loan, and continually adjusted for prepayments. Management evaluates the carrying value of purchased mortgage servicing by estimating the future net servicing income of the portfolio on a discounted, disaggregated basis, based on estimates of the remaining loan lives. Mor