uding but not limited to, its and their operations, plans, financial condition, product development, customers, sources of supply, manufacturing techniques or procedures, marketing, sales, production or other competitive information acquired by the Executive during the course of his employment by the Company and all other information that the Company itself does not disclose to the public.
13. Notice. For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other ------ communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered personally or mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the Executive at 534 Biscayne Drive, San Rafael, California 94901, until such time as the Executive establishes permanent residence in Boston and thereafter at such address; and to the Company at Five Cambridge Center, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142 (or at such other address to which it may relocate its headquarters during the term of this Agreement), directed to the Board of Directors with a copy of the Clerk of the Company.
14. Heirs and Successors Bound. This Agreement shall be binding upon the -------------------------- heirs, administrators and executors of the Executive and upon the successors or assigns of the Company.
15. Miscellaneous. -------------
a. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged, unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board of Directors. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or in compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the time or at any prior or subsequent time.
b. The Executive agrees that the remedy at law for 