n with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the related financial statement schedules as listed in the accompanying index. These financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statement schedules based on our audits.
In our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
As discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes. Additionally, as discussed in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements, effective January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for postretirement benefits other than pensions.
/s/ KPMG Peat Marwick
Honolulu, Hawaii February 11, 1994
[KPMG Peat Marwick letterhead]
The Board of Directors and Shareholder Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc.:
Under date of February 11, 1994, we reported on the consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of capitalization of Hawaiian Electric Company, Inc. (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc.) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of income, retained earnings and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1993, as contained in the 1993 annual report to shareholder. These consolidated financial statements and our report thereon are incorporated by reference in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year 1993. In connection with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the related financial statement schedules as listed in the accompanying index. These financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Compan