atement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K........................................... Exhibit Index....................................................... Signatures..........................................................
PART I
Item 1. Business.
General
Imo Industries Inc. (hereinafter with its subsidiaries referred to as the "Company") is an integrated multinational manufacturing company that designs, produces and markets proprietary products focused on controls and on engineered power products and their support services. The Company operates in the United States, Canada, several European countries, Mexico and the Pacific Rim. In 1993, the Company redefined its business segments and reclassified previously reported financial information. The Company's continuing core operations are divided into three business segments:
The Morse Controls Business segment designs and produces push-pull cable and control systems and automotive products including actuators, window controls, latches and door panels/assemblies.
The Pumps, Power Transmission & Controls Business segment designs and produces a broad range of rotary pumps, including a proprietary line of three-screw pumps; electronic adjustable- speed motor drives, gears and speed reducers; and transducers and switches for sensing, measuring and controlling pressure, temperature and liquid level and flow.
The Turbomachinery Business segment designs and produces steam turbines, rotary compressors, and steam condensers. The segment also has a coordinated aftermarket parts and services program.
In addition to the three segments comprising the Company's continuing core operations, the Company has an Other Business segment included in its continuing operations for financial reporting purposes. This segment includes operations previously sold and operations to be sold as part of the Company's asset divestiture program.
The Company has announced that it will sell its Electro-Optical Systems operations and is accounting for this 