ply. This gas is produced in Alberta and makes use of the Company's new capacity on the PGT and ANG systems. Pricing for supplies under this agreement can be renegotiated annually. The current pricing arrangement includes demand charges for upstream capacity on the Canadian pipeline systems, a monthly reservation charge and a fixed commodity price.
An agreement expiring October 31, 1996 with Poco entitles the Company to purchase up to 200,000 therms of firm gas per day. This agreement contains a demand and commodity pricing structure, a provision for annual renegotiations of the commodity price, minimum purchase obligations and a pro rata market share commitment. The demand charge is subject to NEB regulation. This gas is produced in Alberta and British Columbia.
An agreement expiring September 30, 2000 with Summit Resources Ltd. entitles the Company to purchase up to 77,580 therms per day during the winter and up to 50,000 therms per day during the summer. This gas is produced in Alberta and makes use of the Company's added capacity from transportation on the PGT and ANG systems. Pricing for supplies under this agreement can be renegotiated annually. The current pricing arrangement includes demand charges for upstream capacity on NOVA Corporation of Alberta's system and commodity charges that are separated into three tiers.
An agreement expiring October 31, 1994 with Natural Gas Clearinghouse, one of the largest independent gas marketers in the United States, entitles the Company to purchase up to 100,000 therms of firm gas per day. This gas is produced in the United States Rocky Mountain region. The pricing structure for this agreement contains a monthly reservation charge plus a commodity charge based on monthly trade indices. Prices are renegotiated annually. This contract contains a pro rata market share commitment.
An agreement with Nahama & Weagant Energy Company (NWEC) expiring January 1, 1995 entitles the Company to purchase all of the production from the w