inance investments varies with the investment involved and the economic climate.
The success of the Trust depends upon, among other factors, the trends of the economy, construction costs, retailing trends, income tax laws, increases or decreases in operating expenses, governmental regulations, population trends, zoning laws, legislation and the ability of the Trust to keep its properties leased at profitable levels. The Trust competes for tenants with other real estate owners and the Trust's properties account for only a small fraction of the shopping centers available for lease. The
Trust competes for investment opportunities and mortgage financing with individuals, partnerships, corporations, financial institutions, life insurance companies, pension funds and trust funds. The Trust engages in a continuing program to identify desirable properties on which offers to acquire are made from time to time. Similarly, the Trust regularly reviews its portfolio and from time to time considers the sale of certain of its properties.
Investments in real property create a potential for environmental liability on the part of the current and previous owners of, or any mortgage lender on, such real property. If hazardous substances are discovered on or emanating from any properties, the owner or operator of the property may be held liable for costs and liabilities relating to such hazardous substances. The Trust's current policy is to obtain an environmental study on each property it seeks to acquire. On recent acquisitions, any substances identified prior to closing which present an immediate environmental hazard have been or are in the process of remediation. Costs related to the abatement of asbestos which increase the value of Trust properties are capitalized. Other costs are expensed. In 1993 approximately $1.5 million, of which $1.0 was capitalized abatement costs, was spent on environmental matters. The Trust has budgeted a range of $1.5 million to $2.7 million for 1994 for