ants at the Site should have any material adverse effect on the Company or the Company's financial condition.
Environmental Control Business - ------------------------------
The Environmental Control Business conducts its fan coil manufacturing operations in various facilities, including two adjacent facilities located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, consisting of approximately 240,000 square feet owned by the Company. As of December 31, 1993, the Environmental Control Business was using the productive capacity of the above-referenced facility to the extent of approximately 92%, based on two, 8-hour shifts per day and a 5-day week.
The Environmental Control Business manufactures most of its heat pump products in a leased 230,000 square foot facility in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The lease carries a five year term beginning March 1, 1988, with options to renew for five additional five year periods, and currently provides for the payment of rent in the amount of $52,389 per month. The Company also has an option to acquire the facility at any time in return for the assumption of the then outstanding balance of the lessor's mortgage. As of December 31, 1993, the productive capacity of this manufacturing operation was being utilized to the extent of approximately 59%, based on one, 8 hour shift per day and a 5- day week.
The Environmental Control Business owns a 60,000 square foot facility in Juarez, Mexico, which it leases to a third party tenant. The Environmental Control Business also leases sales offices in Los Angeles and Chicago.
All of the properties utilized by the Environmental Control Business are considered by Company management to be suitable and adequate to meet the current needs of that business.
Automotive Products Business - ----------------------------
The Automotive Products Business conducts its operations in plant facilities principally located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma which are considered by Company management to be suitable and adequate to meet its need