s it will participate in one or more joint ventures for these processes.
The Company purchases semi-finished steel slab from third parties for finishing at the Fontana Plate Mill and to supplement steel production capacity and enable the Portland Steel Mill to produce steel plate in thicknesses greater than 3 inches. Generally, the Company has been able to adjust product prices in response to increases in slab prices. The world demand for slab can, however, significantly affect its purchase price. The Company expects to purchase significant quantities of slabs in 1994.
MARKETING AND CUSTOMERS
Steel products are sold by the Company principally through its own sales organizations, which have sales offices at various locations in the United States and Canada and, as appropriate, through foreign sales agents. In addition to selling to customers who consume steel products directly, the Company sells steel products to steel service centers, distributors, processors and converters. In 1993 the Company derived 11.8 percent of its sales from one customer. Most of the Company's sales are initiated by contacts between sales representatives and customers. Accordingly, the Company does not incur substantial advertising or other promotional expenses for the sale of its products.
The Company does not have any significant ongoing contracts with customers to purchase steel products, and orders placed with the Company generally are cancelable by the customer. The Company does not have a general policy permitting return of purchased steel products except for product defects. The Company does not routinely offer extended payment terms to its customers.
The business is generally not subject to significant seasonal trends. The Company does not have material contracts with the United States Government and does not have any contracts subject to renegotiation.
Oregon Steel Division
Customers for commodity steel plate typically are located in the western United States, primarily in the north