 1992.
OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
The following table shows the HEI stock options which were granted in 1993 to the executives named in the HECO Summary Compensation Table, all of which are nonqualified stock options. The practice of granting stock options, which may include dividend equivalent shares, has been followed each year since 1987.
(1) For the 20,000 option shares granted with an exercise price of $38.27 per share, additional dividend equivalent shares are granted to Mr. Williamson at no additional cost throughout the four-year vesting period (vesting in equal installments) which begins on the date of grant. Dividend equivalents are computed, as of each dividend record date, both with respect to the number of shares under the option and with respect to the number of dividend equivalent shares previously credited to the participant and not issued during the period prior to the dividend record date. Accelerated vesting is provided in the event a Change-in-Control occurs. No stock appreciation rights have been granted under the Company's current benefit plans.
(2) Based on a Binomial Option Pricing Model which is a variation of the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. For the stock options granted with a 10-year option period, an exercise price of $38.27, and with additional dividend equivalent shares granted for the first four years of the option, the Binomial Value is $9.66 per share. The following assumptions were used in the model: Stock Price: $38.27; Exercise Price: $38.27; Term: 10 years; Volatility: .55; Interest Rate: 6.0%; and Dividend Rate: 6.4%. The following were the valuation results: Binomial Option Value: $5.03; Dividend Credit Value: $4.63; and Total Value: $9.66.
AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES AND FISCAL YEAREND OPTION VALUE TABLE
The following table shows the HEI stock options, including dividend equivalents, exercised in 1993 by the named executive officers in the HECO Summary Compensation Table. Also shown is the number and value of un