racted as part of bundled sales services. Consequently, while operating revenues will be reduced as a result of the implementation of Order 636, purchases and other related costs will be reduced by a similar amount.
1993 Versus 1992. The increase in operating revenues of $501 million can be attributed to increased sales volumes for the interstate pipelines and gas marketing companies, higher prices for the gas marketing companies, and increased storage and transportation revenues. Decreased gas sales prices for the interstate pipelines partially offset the increase. Total throughput volumes for the interstate pipelines increased by approximately 1%, while the volume for the gas marketing companies increased by 10%.
Purchases increased $529 million over 1992, primarily due to volume increases for the interstate pipelines and gas marketing companies and cost of gas increases for the gas marketing companies, resulting in a reduction in the gross profit of $28 million.
The operating profit increase of $2 million results from increased sales volumes of $7 million; higher storage and transportation revenues of $137 million; and reduced depreciation, depletion and amortization of $41 million offset by lower margins of $166 million, increased operating expenses of $11 million and other decreases of $6 million. The primary factor contributing to the increase in storage and transportation revenues and the decrease in margins is the restructuring of pipeline bundled sales services into separate service components, as required by changing regulations. The depreciation, depletion and amortization decrease of $41 million results from lower pipeline rates for ANR Pipeline due to a settlement with the FERC.
1992 Versus 1991. Operating revenues increased in 1992 as a result of increased sales volumes for the interstate pipelines and gas marketing companies, higher prices for the gas marketing companies, increased storage and transportation revenues and the benefit from resolution of