 pilot development of CCLM at Entergy stockholder expense. To date, the Council and the LPSC are the only regulators that have addressed the proposal. The System expects to spend a total of approximately $800 million for DSM resources over the next 20 years. Such plan also includes significant resource additions, but does not contemplate construction of any generating facilities at new sites. All incremental supply-side resources will come from either delayed retirements or repowering of existing generating units. The System estimates that, over the next 20 years, least cost planning, if implemented in accordance with the terms of each filed Least Cost Plan, will reduce revenue requirements by approximately $2.3 billion ($600 million on a net present value basis), thereby avoiding the need for related rate increase requests. Each Least Cost Plan includes specific actions that the System will undertake pursuant to regulatory approval, including the recovery of costs associated with DSM (for further information, see "Rate Matters and Regulation - Rate Matters - Retail Rate Matters," below).
CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS AND FUTURE FINANCING
Construction expenditures for the System are estimated to aggregate $586 million, $560 million, and $550 million for the years 1994, 1995, and 1996, respectively. No significant costs are expected in connection with the System's generating facilities. Actual construction costs may vary from these estimates because of a number of factors, including changes in load growth estimates, changes in environmental regulations, modifications to nuclear units to meet regulatory requirements, increasing costs of labor, equipment and materials, and cost of capital.
Construction expenditures by company (including immaterial environmental expenditures and AFUDC, but excluding nuclear fuel and the impact of the ice storm that occurred in February 1994) for the period 1994-1996 are estimated as follows:
1994 1995 1996 Total ---- ---- ---- ----- (In Millions