 bits worldwide. Divestiture of the drilling fluids business must occur by June 1, 1994 and the diamond drill bit transaction must occur by July 1, 1994.
On January 27, 1994, Registrant announced that it has agreed in principle to sell its interest in M-I Drilling Fluids Company to Smith International, Inc. The completion of the transaction is subject to the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement, approval from both the Smith and Dresser Boards of Directors, the consent of minority partner Halliburton Company and certain regulatory approvals.
Baroid operations are conducted principally through subsidiaries as follows:
Drilling Fluids - ---------------
Baroid Drilling Fluids Inc. provides specially formulated fluids used in the drilling process to lubricate and cool the drill bit, seal porous well formations, remove rock cuttings and control downhole pressure. Baroid Drilling Fluids Inc. is a worldwide integrated producer and distributor of drilling fluids.
Drilling Services and Products - ------------------------------
Sperry-Sun Drilling Services Inc. ("Sperry-Sun") rents specialized steering and measurement-while-drilling ("MWD") tools and provides directional drilling services for oil and gas wells throughout the world. DBS provides diamond drill bits and coring products and services to the oil and gas industry worldwide.
Offshore Services - -----------------
Sub Sea International Inc. ("Sub Sea") provides diving and underwater engineering services to the oil and gas industry to inspect, construct, maintain and repair offshore drilling rigs and platforms, underwater pipelines and other offshore oil and gas facilities. Unmanned, remotely operated vehicles ("ROVs") are often used to perform these services. Sub Sea designs, manufactures and deploys ROVs. Sub Sea also owns and operates marine equipment which performs pipeline installation, burial and inspection and maintenance and repair work on platforms in offshore oil and gas fields.
The Information b