 by FIRREA. See "Business - Financial Service Business".
On February 17, 1989, the Company's Board of Directors declared a dividend to its stockholders of record on February 27, 1989, of one preferred stock purchase right on each of the Company's outstanding shares of common stock. The rights expire on February 27, 1999. The Company issued the rights, among other reasons, in order to assure that all of the Company's stockholders receive fair and equal treatment in the event of any proposed takeover of the Company and to guard against partial tender abusive tactics to gain control of the Company. The rights will become exercisable only if a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 30% or more of the Company's common stock or announces a tender or exchange offer the consummation of which
would result in the ownership by a person or group of 30% or more of the common stock, except any acquisition by Jack E. Golsen, Chairman of the Board and President of the Company, and certain other related persons or entities.
Each right (other than the rights, owned by the acquiring person or members of a group that causes the rights to become exercisable, which became void) will entitle the stockholder to buy one-hundredth of a share of a new series of participating preferred stock at an exercise price of $14.00 per share. Each one one-hundredth of a share of the new preferred stock purchasable upon the exercise of a right has economic terms designed to approximate the value of one share of the Company's common stock. If another person or group acquires the Company in a merger or other business combination transaction, each right will entitle its holder (other than rights owned by that person or group, which become void) to purchase at the right's then current exercise price, a number of the acquiring company's common shares which at the time of such transaction would have a market value two times the exercise price of the right. In addition, if a person or group (with cert