h below presents the revenues and expenses which can be compared. The table excludes the items which were impacted by the changes in accounting such as interest expense, occupancy and other operating expense and depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 1992 and 1993. The financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company included elsewhere in this report. Since the Company
changed its fiscal year in 1992, management has compiled unaudited data for the calendar year ended December 31, 1992.
The direct revenues and expenses of the Owned Hotels are classified into three categories: comparable hotels, new hotels and divested hotels. The following discussion focuses primarily on the 29 comparable hotel properties which were owned or leased by the Company during the entire two years presented. The 12 hotels classified as new hotels are composed of four new AmeriSuites hotels which were opened after December 31, 1991, a full-service Ramada Inn in Meriden, Connecticut which was purchased in July 1993, a newly constructed Wellesley Inn in Orlando, Florida which opened in November 1993 and six hotel properties which were added through settlements of mortgages and notes receivable and lease expirations. The hotels classified as divested hotels are composed of three hotel properties divested primarily as a result of property restructurings in 1992 and the Holiday Inn in Milford, Connecticut which was sold in September 1993.
Room revenues increased by $7.1 million or 11.4% for the year ended December 31, 1993 over the prior year due to the impact of new hotels and improved occupancy and room rates at comparable hotels. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in room revenues as a result of the divestiture of hotels. Room revenues for comparable hotels increased by $3.5 million or 6.8% for the year ended December 31, 1993 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to improved occupancy