ses. Such loans are generally guaranteed by the SBA. Origination of these loans is consistent with the objectives of the CRA.
Commercial Loans. The Association had $77,000 of commercial loans outstanding at December 31, 1993. Northeast Savings does not intend to originate any new commercial loans during 1994 or future years because these loans do not conform to the Association's strategy of being a traditional thrift single-family residential lender.
Federal regulations limit the amount of commercial, corporate, or business loans a federal savings association may make to 10% of total assets and further limit the aggregate amount of loans that Northeast Savings may make to any one borrower. These limitations are discussed further in the Regulations section.
The composition of Northeast Savings' loan portfolio is set forth in the following table at the dates indicated:
- -------- * Available-for-sale loans include $39.6 million of fixed rate loans and $6.5 million of adjustable rate loans.
The table below shows the geographic distribution of the Association's gross loans at the dates indicated:
The following table shows the composition of Northeast Savings' gross portfolio of loans by state and loan type at December 31, 1993:
The following table shows changes in Northeast Savings' loan portfolio for the periods indicated:
- -------- (1) Loans repurchased from prior sales. Such loans were adjustable rate loans which were convertible into fixed rate loans. Upon conversion, the Association was required to repurchase the loans. (2) Consists of a purchase from the RTC of a portion of a loan participation in which the Association was already a co-participant. (3) Consists primarily of loans which were securitized and simultaneously sold. In addition, $7.4 million resulted from the sale of California adjustable rate mortgages. (4) Sale of a loan participation to the servicer at the request of the servicer in order to facilitate a pool sale. (5) Sale of an income property par