ers of the Company's shares issued in this transaction have the right to require the Company, at any time, to purchase such shares for the higher of (i) their book value as of the date of notice or (ii) the average market value of such shares. The term "average market value" is defined as the product of (i) the average of the closing price of the common stock as reported on the over-the-counter market for the (x) 20 trading days prior to the date of the notice, (y) the date of the notice, if a trading day, and (z) 20 trading days following the date of the notice, times (ii) the number of shares of common stock held by the original holders. The Company and Alan B. Levan, individually, have the right to buy and to require the original holders to sell such shares to each, respectively, on the same terms indicated above. At the transaction date the book value of the shares was greater than their market value. Accordingly, the amount initially recorded for this redeemable common stock, $5,776,000, was at book value. Amounts subsequently reflected in the Company's Statements of Financial Condition will be adjusted to reflect the maximum liability based on the higher of either the market price or the book value of the shares. However, such liability will not be reduced from the amount initially reflected at the time of acquisition. There has been no adjustment to the amount stated since the May 1989 acquisition date. In February 1994, the parties mutually agreed to cancel the agreement with respect to the requirement to buy and or sell shares. Therefore, during the first quarter of 1994, the amount classified as redeemable common stock will be reclassified to the stockholders' deficit section of the Statement of financial condition.
Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share - Earnings (loss) per share is computed using the more dilutive of (a) the weighted average number of shares outstanding, or (b) the weighted average number of shares outstanding assuming that the shares of rede