tgage servicing rights related to loans originated by BankAtlantic, are not capitalized. Dealer Reserves, Net - The dealer reserve receivable represents the portion of interest rates passed through to dealers on indirect consumer loans. BankAtlantic had funded 0 - 100% of the total dealer reserve at the inception of the loan. Dealer reserves are amortized over the contractual life of the related loans, adjusted for actual prepayments, using the interest method except for the Subject Portfolio discussed further in Note 17 herein. Dealer reserves are stated net of accumulated amortization, allowances, valuation adjustments, and any unfunded amounts due to the dealer. Income Taxes - BankAtlantic and its subsidiaries file consolidated federal and state income tax returns. In February 1992, the FASB issued FAS 109. FAS 109, which was implemented by BankAtlantic in 1993, requires a change from the deferred method to the asset and liability method to account for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method of FAS 109, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under FAS 109, the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the period that includes the statutory enactment date. Pursuant to the deferred method under APB Opinion 11, which was applied in 1992 and prior years, deferred income taxes are recognized for income and expense items that are reported in different years for financial reporting purposes and income tax purposes using the tax rate applicable for the year of the calculation. Under the deferred method, deferred taxes are not adjusted