n on the prepayment of its senior notes which was partially financed with Make-Whole Notes from one of its senior lenders and the write-off of approximately $2 million of previously deferred loan costs. Approximately $18.1 million ($1.07 per share) of the above amounts relate to the extinguishment of senior debt and were recorded as an extraordinary item in 1993 .
The Company believes that funds generated from operations, together with the restructured credit facilities, anticipated proceeds from the asset divestiture program and available cash, are sufficient to meet its liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future (See Note 1).
Note 9 Shareholders' Equity
Equity Incentive Plan
Under the Company's Equity Incentive Plan, up to 2,200,000 shares of the Company's $1.00 par value common stock can be issued pursuant to the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards and restricted unit awards to key employees. Options can be granted at no less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant or on the prospective date fixed by the Board of Directors. None of these options can be exercised for at least a one-year period from the date of grant. After this waiting period, 25 percent of each option, on a cumulative basis, can be exercised in each of the following four years. Additionally, each option shall terminate no later than 10 years from the date of grant.
On August 17, 1993, the Board of Directors approved the repricing of certain outstanding non-qualified stock options granted on previous dates under the Plan. This resulted in the replacement of 468,000 non- qualified stock options at various exercise prices ranging from $10.375 to $20.375, by 272,865 non-qualified stock options at an exercise price of $7.375, the fair market value at the date of the replacement grant, subject to the market price of the Company's stock exceeding $10 per share for a period of 30 days. Vested dates are based on the origi