 million in cash.
ASB's earnings depend primarily on its net interest income -- the difference between the interest income earned on interest-earning assets (loans receivable, mortgage-backed securities and investments) and the interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities (deposit liabilities and borrowings). Deposits traditionally have been the principal source of ASB's funds for use in lending, meeting liquidity requirements and making investments. ASB also derives funds from receipt of interest and principal on outstanding loans receivable, borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Seattle, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other sources, including collateralized medium-term notes.
For additional information about ASB, reference is made to Note 5 to HEI's Consolidated Financial Statements, incorporated herein by reference to pages 53 through 57 of HEI's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, portions of which are filed herein as HEI Exhibit 13(a).
The following table sets forth selected data for ASB for the periods indicated:
(1) Net income includes amortization of goodwill and core deposit intangibles.
(2) Reflects allocation of corporate-level expenses for segment reporting purposes, which were not billed to ASB. In the second quarter of 1992, HEI changed its method of billing corporate-level expenses to ASB. Under the new billing procedure, only certain direct charges, rather than fully-allocated costs, are billed to ASB. However, no change was made by HEI in the manner in which corporate-level expenses were allocated for segment reporting purposes.
CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEET
The following table sets forth average balances of major balance sheet categories for the periods indicated. Average balances for each period have been calculated using the average month-end balances during the period.
ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT
Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between market interest rates and net interest