t that an employee may contribute to the 401(k) Plan equals a certain percentage of the employee's compensation, with the percentage based on the employee's income and certain other criteria as required under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company or subsidiary deducts the amounts contributed to the 401(k) Plan from the employee's compensation each pay period, in accordance with the employee's instructions, and pays the amount into the 401(k) Plan for the employee's benefit. The Summary Compensation Table set forth above includes any amount contributed and deferred during the 1993 fiscal year pursuant to the 401(k) Plan by the named executive officers of the Company.
The Company has a death benefit plan for certain key employees. Under the plan, the designated beneficiary of an employee covered by the plan will receive a monthly benefit for a period of ten (10) years if the employee dies while in the employment of the Company or a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The agreement with each employee provides, in addition to being subject to other terms and conditions set forth in the agreement, that the Company may terminate the agreement as to any employee at anytime prior to the employee's death. The Company has purchased life insurance on the life of each employee covered under the plan to provide, in large part, a source of funds for the Company's obligations under the Plan. The Company also will fund a portion of the benefits by investing the proceeds of a policy received by the Company upon the employee's death. The Company is the owner and sole beneficiary of the insurance policy, with the proceeds payable to the Company upon the death of the employee. The following table sets forth the amounts of annual benefits payable to the designated beneficiary or beneficiaries of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above under the above-described death benefits plan.
Amount of Name of Individual Annual Payment -