ndividuals in communities served by Firstar's banks. These loans include both open-ended credit arrangements subject to an overall limit per customer, such as credit card and home equity loans, and closed-end loans subject to specific contractual payment schedules, such as installment loans and residential mortgages. Consumer net charge-offs were $14.6 million in 1993, compared with $19.1 million in 1992 and $24.4 million in 1991. The net charge-offs of .43% in 1993 compares with .61% and .84% in 1992 and 1991, respectively. Credit card net charge-offs have declined from 2.90% in 1991 to 2.17% during 1993 reflecting both lower charge-offs and higher recovery rates. This progressive reduction in consumer charge-off levels reinforces the conclusion about the economic strength of Firstar's marketplace. Consumer net charge-offs for 1993 are, in fact, at a seven year low. Consumer charge-offs are expected to remain at or near this level.
TABLE 13 COMPOSITION OF LOANS
- ----------- *Comparable data not available
The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan", which is effective in 1995. The statement establishes procedures for determining the appropriate reserve for loan losses for loans deemed impaired. The calculation of reserve levels would be based upon the discounted present value of expected cash flows received from the debtor or other measures of value such as market prices or collateral values. The adoption of this statement should not have any significant impact on the current level of the reserve for loan losses or operating results.
LIQUIDITY AND INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT
Two objectives of Firstar's asset and liability management strategy include the maintenance of appropriate liquidity and management of interest rate risk. Liquidity management aligns sources and uses of funds to meet the cash flow requirements of customers and Firstar. Interest rate risk management seeks to generate gro