es for the program of complying with the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 (CAAA) as discussed below.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS: System companies are subject to laws, regulations, and uncertainties with respect to air and water quality, land use, and other environmental matters. Compliance may require them to incur substantial additional costs to modify or replace existing and proposed equipment and facilities and may affect adversely the lead time, size, and siting of future generating stations, increase the complexity and cost of pollution control equipment, and otherwise add to the cost of future operations.
Construction expenditures through the year 2000 will include substantial amounts for compliance with Phase I and Phase II of the CAAA. The Company is estimating expenditures of approximately $700 million, which includes $207 million expended through 1993, depending on the strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II. Construction estimates for 1994 and 1995 include $82 million and $33 million, respectively, for the program of complying with the CAAA.
In complying with the CAAA, the Company will face uncertainties, including regulatory administrative interpretations and contingencies, such as potential cost overruns, equipment performance, and cost recovery in rates.
LITIGATION AND OTHER: In the normal course of business, the Company becomes involved in various legal proceedings. The Company does not believe that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will have a material effect on its financial position.
The Company is guarantor as to 45% of a $75 million revolving credit agreement of AGC, which in 1993 was used by AGC solely as support for its indebtedness for commercial paper outstanding.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Board of Directors of Allegheny Generating Company
In our opinion, the financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Allegheny Generating Company 