ITEM 1. BUSINESS
HEI
HEI was incorporated in 1981 under the laws of the State of Hawaii and is a holding company with subsidiaries engaged in the electric utility, financial services, freight transportation, real estate development and other businesses, in each case primarily or exclusively in the State of Hawaii. HEI's predecessor, HECO, was incorporated under the laws of the Kingdom of Hawaii (now the State of Hawaii) on October 13, 1891.
As a result of a 1983 corporate reorganization, HECO became an HEI subsidiary and common shareholders of HECO became common shareholders of HEI. HECO and its subsidiaries, MECO and HELCO, are regulated operating public utilities providing the only public utility electric service on the islands of Oahu, Maui, Lanai, Molokai and Hawaii. HEI also owns directly or indirectly the following nonelectric public utility subsidiaries which comprise its diversified companies: HEIDI and its subsidiary, ASB, and ASB's subsidiaries; HTB and its subsidiary; MPC and its subsidiaries; HEIIC; and LVI. HEIDI is also the holder of record of the common stock of HIG, which was acquired in 1987 and provided property and casualty insurance primarily in Hawaii. HIG is currently in rehabilitation proceedings and it is expected that HEIDI will relinquish all ownership rights in HIG and its subsidiaries during 1994. See "Discontinued operations--The Hawaiian Insurance & Guaranty Co., Limited."
ASB was acquired in 1988, is the second largest savings bank in Hawaii as measured by total assets as of September 30, 1993, and has 45 retail branches as of December 31, 1993. HTB was acquired in 1986 and provides ship assist and charter towing services and owns YB, a regulated intrastate public carrier of waterborne freight among the Hawaiian Islands. MPC was formed in 1985 and develops and invests in real estate. HEIIC was formed in 1984 and is a passive investment company which has sold substantially all of its investments in marketable securities over the last fe