ideline which limits to 5% the amount of earnings that may be placed at risk over the next twelve months if interest rates move unexpectedly within certain ranges. To ensure compliance with these risk limits, the committee regularly monitors the level of sensitivity. At the end of 1993 Firstar's forecast for 1994 net interest revenue indicated that its position was well within this limit.
Firstar uses simulation modeling as the primary tool in measuring interest rate risk and managing interest rate sensitivity. Simulation modeling incorporates the dynamics of changing balance sheet mix, interest rate movements and the related impact on net interest revenue. This simulation testing is done over a one-year and two-year time horizon.
The simulation model is supplemented with a more traditional tool used in the banking industry for measurement of interest rate risk known as the gap analysis. This measures the difference between assets and liabilities repricing or maturing within specified time periods. The gap analysis does however, have some limitations such as not reflecting degree of rate sensitivity in a given financial instrument. A positive gap indicates that there are more rate sensitive assets than rate sensitive liabilities repricing within a given time frame. A positive gap would generally imply a favorable impact on net income in periods of rising rates. Conversely, a negative gap indicates a liability sensitive position. Table 16 shows Firstar's interest sensitivity under a traditional gap approach.
TABLE 16 ASSET AND LIABILITY INTEREST SENSITIVITY DECEMBER 31, 1993
Interest rate sensitivity can be managed by adjusting the mix of assets and liabilities. Where this is not practical or cost effective, off-balance sheet instruments can be utilized. Firstar uses interest rate swaps, caps and floors in this process. The use of these instruments allows Firstar to change interest rate sensitivity while retaining the ability to offer products that satisfy customer n