contract in a bankruptcy proceeding involving Santa Fe, although the mortgage on the Royalty Properties that is burdened by the Louisiana Conveyance and which secures the Trust's interests in such Royalty Properties should enhance the Trust's position in the event of such a proceeding. No assurance can be given that the Royalty Interests would not be subject to rejection in a bankruptcy proceeding as executory contracts.
RESERVES
A study of the proved oil and gas reserves attributable to the Trust as of December 31, 1993 has been made by Ryder Scott Company, independent petroleum consultants. The following letter (Reserve Report) summarized such reserve study. The Trust has not filed reserve estimates covering the Royalty Properties with any other Federal authority or agency.
(RYDER SCOTT LETTERHEAD)
February 1, 1994
Santa Fe Energy Resources, Inc. 1616 South Voss Road Houston, Texas 77057-2696
Gentlemen:
Pursuant to your request, we present below our estimates of the net proved reserves attributable to the interests of the Santa Fe Energy Trust (Trust) as of December 31, 1993. The Trust is a grantor trust formed to hold interests in certain domestic oil and gas properties owned by Santa Fe Energy Resources, Inc. (Santa Fe). The interests conveyed to the Trust consist of royalty interests in the Wasson Field, Texas (Wasson Royalties) and a net profits interest derived from working and royalty interests in numerous other properties (Net Profits Royalties). The properties included in the Trust are located in the states of Alabama, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Texas, Wyoming, and in state waters offshore Louisiana and Texas.
The estimated reserve quantities and future income quantities presented in this report are related to a large extent to hydrocarbon prices. Hydrocarbon prices in effect as December 31, 1993 were used in the preparation of this report as required by Securities and Exchange Commis