 In January 1994, the Company and its affiliates jointly established an aggregate $300 million multi-year credit program which provides that the Company may borrow up to $81 million on a standby revolving credit basis. Short-term debt outstanding at the end of 1993 consisted of $63.1 million of notes payable to banks and at the end of 1992 consisted of money pool borrowings from affiliates of $8.03 million. The carrying amount of short-term debt approximates the fair value because of the short-term maturity of those instruments.
Note J - Commitments and Contingencies: CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM: The Company has entered into commitments for its construction program, for which expenditures are estimated to be $103 million for 1994 and $83 million for 1995. These estimates include expenditures for the program of complying with the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 (CAAA) as discussed below.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS: System companies are subject to laws, regulations, and uncertainties with respect to air and water quality, land use, and other environmental matters. Compliance may require them to incur substantial additional costs to modify or replace existing and proposed equipment and facilities and may affect adversely the lead time, size, and siting of future generating stations, increase the complexity and cost of pollution control equipment, and otherwise add to the cost of future operations.
Construction expenditures through the year 2000 will include substantial amounts for compliance with Phase I and Phase II of the CAAA. The Company is estimating expenditures of approximately $400 million, which includes $122 million expended through 1993, depending on the strategy eventually selected for complying with Phase II. Construction estimates for 1994 and 1995 include $39 million and $10 million, respectively, for the program of complying with the CAAA.
In complying with the CAAA, the Company will face uncertainties, including regulatory administrative interpretations and conti