sition of The Stride Rite Corporation as of December 3, 1993 and November 27, 1992, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 3, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
Boston, Massachusetts January 20, 1994
ABOUT STRIDE RITE
The Stride Rite Corporation is the leading marketer of high quality children's footwear in the United States and is a major marketer of athletic and casual footwear for children and adults.
The Company manufactures products in its own facilities in the United States and Puerto Rico and imports products from abroad.
The Company markets children's footwear under the trademarks STRIDE RITE(R) and KEDS(R). Boating shoes and outdoor recreational and casual footwear are marketed under the Company's SPERRY TOP-SIDER(R) trademark. Additionally, casual and athletic footwear is marketed under the Company's KEDS(R), PRO- KEDS(R) and GRASSHOPPERS(R) trademarks.
The Company sells its products nationwide to independent retail shoe stores, department stores, sporting goods stores, and marinas.
The Company also markets its products directly to consumers by selling children's footwear through 135 of its own Stride Rite Bootery stores and in 52 leased departments within leading department stores. Products of the Company's brands are also sold directly to consumers in 2 manufacturers' outlet stores.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Robert C. Siegel Margaret A. McKenna Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, Lesley College President and Chief Executive Officer
Donald R. Gant Robert L. Seelert Limited Partner of The Goldman Private Investor and Former Chief Sachs Group, L.P. Executive Officer of Kayser-Roth Corporation
Arnold Hiatt Myles J. Slosberg Former Chairman of the Board of Former Executive Vice President, Directors Assistant Attorney General for President and a Director, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts The Stride Rite Charitable Foundation, Inc.
Theodore L