s is available from a limited number of suppliers around the world. Currently, the principal active sources are located in Norway, Canada, Australia, India and South Africa. As one of the few vertically-integrated producers of sulfate process pigments, Kronos operates a rock ilmenite mine near Hauge i Dalane, Norway, which provided all of Kronos' feedstock for its European sulfate process pigment plants in 1993. Kronos' mine is also a commercial source of rock ilmenite for other sulfate process producers in Europe supplying, the Company believes, nearly 40% of the European demand, including the Company, for sulfate feedstock. Additionally, Kronos purchases sulfate grade slag under contracts negotiated annually with QIT and Tinfos Titanium and Iron K/S.
Kronos believes the availability of titanium-containing feedstock for both the chloride and sulfate processes is adequate in the near term; however, tightening supplies for the chloride process may be encountered in the late 1990s. Kronos does not anticipate experiencing any interruptions of its raw material supplies.
TIO2 MANUFACTURING JOINT VENTURE
In October 1993, Kronos formed a manufacturing joint venture with Tioxide Group, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Imperial Chemicals Industries PLC ("Tioxide"). The joint venture, which is equally owned by subsidiaries of Kronos and Tioxide (the "Partners"), owns and operates the Louisiana chloride process TiO2 plant formerly owned by Kronos. Under the terms of the joint venture and related agreements, Kronos contributed the plant to the joint venture, Tioxide paid an aggregate of approximately $205 million, including its tranche of the joint venture debt, and Kronos and certain of its subsidiaries exchanged proprietary chloride process and product technologies with Tioxide and certain of its affiliates. Of the total consideration paid by Tioxide, $30 million was attributable to the exchange of technologies and is being reported as a component of operating income ratabl