ixed rate loan. A lifetime cap on loans is determined by the Association at the inception of a loan. For borrowers whose initial down payments are less than 20%, Northeast Savings offers adjustable rate loans covered by private mortgage insurance which insures that the Association's exposure is no greater than approximately 75% of the appraised value of the property at the time the loan was originated.
Northeast Savings also originates 10, 15, 20, and 30 year, conforming and non-conforming, fully amortizing fixed rate residential mortgage loans, some of which are sold in the secondary mortgage market as whole loans or, with conforming loans, in the form of securities issued by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) or the Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA). Single-family residential conforming loans are those loans which are equal to or less than FNMA or FHLMC loan limits, which was $203,150 as of January 1, 1994. Generally, when conforming loans are sold to FHLMC or FNMA, Northeast Savings collects fees for continuing to service the loans. In addition, the Association originates loans for private investors based on their underwriting standards and sells these loans to the investors, servicing released. All residential mortgage loans originated by the Association contain due-on-sale clauses which provide that the Association may, subject to certain regulatory restrictions, declare the unpaid principal amount due and payable upon the resale of the mortgaged property.
The Association also originates a variety of other single-family residential mortgage loan products including loans with fixed interest rates for the first three years after origination which convert to adjustable rate mortgages at the end of the fixed rate period. The adjustable rates are generally tied to the One-Year Treasury Constant Maturity Index.
Originations of single-family residential mortgage loans by product type and by geographic area during the year ended December 31, 