nds from the Association and by regulatory and financial limitations on the Association's payment of dividends. The prompt corrective action regulation provides that a financial institution may not make a capital distribution if the institution would be undercapitalized after making the capital distribution. Also, the Company and the OTS entered into a Dividend Limitation Agreement as a part of the holding company approval process which prohibited the payment of dividends to the holding company without prior written OTS approval if the Association's capital is below its fully phased-in capital requirement or if the payment of such dividends would cause its capital to fall below its fully phased-in capital requirement. The OTS Capital Distribution Regulation differentiates among savings institutions primarily by their capital levels. Associations which meet their fully phased-in capital requirements are considered Tier 1 associations and require only normal OTS supervision. A Tier 1 association may make capital distributions during a calendar year up to the higher of: (1) 100% of its net income to date during the calendar year plus the amount that would reduce by one-half its surplus capital ratio of the beginning of the calendar year; or (2) 75% of its net income over the most recent four- quarter period. A Tier 1 association would not be permitted to make capital distributions in excess of the foregoing limit without prior OTS approval. Capital surplus is defined as the amount of capital over an association's fully phased-in capital requirement. Tier 2 institutions meet current capital requirements and are authorized to make some capital distributions without prior permission. The amount of such capital distribution is limited to between 25% and 75% of current earnings, depending on how close the institution is to meeting its fully phased-in capital requirement. Tier 3
institutions do not meet their current capital requirements and are prohibited from making any ca