ars.
Taxes other than income increased $2 million in 1993 primarily due to increases in gross receipts taxes resulting from higher revenues from retail customers ($3 million) offset in part by decreased West Virginia Business and Occupation taxes (B&O taxes) ($2 million) due to decreased generation in that state. The 1992 increase resulted from increased property and capital stock taxes ($4 million), increased B&O taxes ($1 million), and increases in gross receipts taxes ($1 million).
The net increase of $7 million in federal and state income taxes in 1993 resulted primarily from an increase in income before taxes ($6 million), and an increase in the tax rate due to the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 ($1 million). The net decrease in 1992 of $4 million resulted primarily from a decrease in income before taxes. Note B to the consolidated financial statements provides a further analysis of income tax expenses.
The combined increase of $.3 million in allowances for funds used during construction (AFUDC) in 1993 reflects increased construction expenditures including those associated with the CAAA, net of CAAA amounts included in rate base and earning a cash return. Future levels of AFUDC can be expected to increase slightly with increasing levels of CAAA expenditures until late 1994 upon substantial completion of Phase I of the CAAA compliance program. The decrease in other income, net, in 1993 resulted primarily from the Company's share of decreases in the earnings of AGC (see Note D to the consolidated financial statements). Other fluctuations in other income, net, were individually insignificant. Other interest expense reflects changes in the level of short-term debt maintained by the Company.
Liquidity and Capital Resources SEC regulations define "liquidity" as "the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet the enterprise's need for cash". The Company needs cash for operating expenses, the payment of interest and dividends, retirement