bis filed suit against the Company for breach of her employment agreement by reason of non-payment of compensation, seeking damages under the agreement in excess of $280,000. Mrs. Garbis and the Company have reached a resolution and settlement of the claim. Mrs. Garbis has been removed as an officer of the Company and her employment was terminated. See "Legal Proceedings."
Two other executive officers, Mr. Harden and Mrs. Hummerhielm, are employed pursuant to employment agreements which provide that if their employment is terminated due to death, payment of salary to their beneficiary continues for six months and, if employment is otherwise terminated by the Company without cause (defined as gross misconduct), they are entitled to receive one year's salary, payable in twenty-four equal semi-monthly installments.
Although, as discussed above, the Company is in default of certain compensation due Mr. Cortright, Mrs. Garbis, Mr. Harden and Mrs. Hummerhielm, none of such officers has, as of August 19, 1994, instituted legal action with respect to such defaults. Since May 1, 1994, the Company has, with the exception of the $50,000 installment payment of the Special Bonus due Mr. Cortright, met all compensation obligations on a current basis. Nevertheless, should the employment of Mr. Cortright, Mr. Harden and Mrs. Hummerhielm be determined to have been terminated without cause, then the amounts that would be payable, as of August 19, 1994 under the agreements described above, inclusive of compensation in default and certain benefits, but exclusive of insurance benefits, would be $804,166, $101,337, and $101,337, respectively.
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT
COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY
It is the goal of the Company and the Executive Compensation Committee (the "Committee") to align all compensation, including executive compensation, with business objectives and both individual and corporate performance, while simultaneously attracting and retaining employees who contribute to t