31, 1993 and approximately $1.2 billion of receivables. In Australia, the Company operates primarily as a consumer finance company under the HFC tradename. The Company had 22 offices in Australia at December 31, 1993 and approximately $375 million of consumer receivables.
Credit Insurance
In conjunction with its consumer lending operations and where applicable laws permit, the Company makes credit life, credit accident and health, term and specialty insurance products available to its customers. This insurance generally is directly written by or reinsured with Alexander Hamilton Life Insurance Company
of America ("Alexander Hamilton"). Financial results for sales of these types of products through affiliated operations are reported as part of the Finance and Banking segment.
Hamilton Investments
Hamilton Investments was acquired by Household International during 1989 as part of the Bank's acquisition of a savings institution. Hamilton Investments is a retail-oriented investment banking and brokerage firm. It has 24 branch offices which are located in the following states: Illinois (9); Wisconsin (6); Minnesota (5); Michigan (2); and one each in Indiana and Nebraska. In addition, Hamilton operates through 150 Household Bank locations. In 1992 Hamilton Investments acquired Craig-Hallum, Inc., a Minneapolis-based investment banking and brokerage firm with 100 registered representatives and 26,000 customer accounts. Hamilton Investments is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange Commission and as a futures commission merchant with the Commodities Futures Trading Commission. It is a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the Chicago Stock Exchange and the National Futures Association. A subsidiary of Hamilton Investments acts as the investment adviser to the Oberweis Emerging Growth Fund, the Household Personal Portfolios and General Securities, Inc., mutual funds with ass