 pursuant to the Communications Act. The FCC has promulgated regulations governing construction and operation of cellular systems, and licensing and technical standards for the provision of cellular telephone service.
For licensing purposes, the FCC divided the United States into separate geographic markets (MSAs and RSAs). In each market, the allocated cellular frequencies are divided into two equal blocks. During the application process, the FCC reserved one block of frequencies for nonwireline applicants and
another block for wireline applicants. Subject to FCC approval, a cellular system may be sold to either a wireline or nonwireline entity, but no entity which controls a cellular system may own an interest in another cellular system in the same MSA or RSA.
The completion of acquisitions involving the transfer of control of a cellular system requires prior FCC approval. Acquisitions of minority interests generally do not require FCC approval. Whenever FCC approval is required, any interested party may file a petition to dismiss or deny the Company's application for approval of the proposed transfer.
When the first cell of a cellular system has been constructed, the licensee is required to notify the FCC that construction has been completed. Immediately upon this notification, but not before, FCC rules authorize the licensee to offer commercial service to the public. The licensee is then said to have "operating authority." Initial operating licenses are granted for ten-year periods. The FCC must be notified each time an additional cell is constructed.
The FCC's rules also generally require persons or entities holding cellular construction permits or licenses to coordinate their proposed frequency usage with other cellular users and licensees in order to avoid electrical interference between adjacent systems. The height and power of base stations in the cellular system are regulated by FCC rules, as are the types of signals emitted by these stations. In addition 