pay dividends to Firstar in an amount which approximates Firstar's equity in their 1994 net income. The payment of dividends by any subsidiary bank may also be affected by other factors beyond this regulatory limitation, such as maintenance of adequate capital for such subsidiary bank.
NOTE 17. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments", requires that Firstar disclose estimated fair values for its financial instruments. Fair value estimates were based on relevant market data and information about the various financial instruments. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time Firstar's entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because no market exists for a significant portion of Firstar's financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgements regarding current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments, future expected loss experience and other factors. These estimates are subjective and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgement and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.
Fair value estimates are based on existing on and off balance sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets and liabilities which are not considered financial instruments. Significant assets that are not considered financial instruments include goodwill, core deposit intangibles, certain customer relationships and fixed assets. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered.
Fair value estimates, methods and assumptions are set forth below for Firstar's financial instruments.
Cash and s