ly phased-in capital requirements and has had operating income in the prior eight quarters. BankAtlantic currently intends to seek to pay Common Stock dividends on a regular basis in the future; however, all such capital distributions will be subject to the OTS' right to object to a distribution on safety and soundness grounds. BankAtlantic has paid the preferred stock dividends since March 1993 and has received OTS approval through June 1994 to pay the preferred stock dividends; subject to maintaining capital at least equal to the fully phased in capital requirements. Future cash dividends on common and preferred stock will be subject to declaration by the Board of Directors in its discretion, to additional regulatory notice or approval, and continued compliance with capital requirements. Accordingly, there is no assurance that such dividends will be paid in the future.
Preferred Stock
All three Series of Preferred Stock have a preference value of $25.00 per share and are redeemable by BankAtlantic at $25.25 per share in 1994 and $25.00 thereafter. At December 31, 1993, no shares of Preferred Stock had been redeemed.
Cash Flows
Liquidity refers to BankAtlantic's ability to generate sufficient cash to meet funding needs to support loan demand, to meet deposit withdrawals and to pay operating expenses. BankAtlantic's investment portfolio provides an internal source of liquidity as a consequence of its short-term investments as well as scheduled maturities and interest payments. Loan repayments and sales also provide an internal source of liquidity.
A summary of BankAtlantic's consolidated cash flows follows (in thousands):
The changes in cash used or provided in operating activities are affected by the changes in operations, which are discussed elsewhere herein, and by certain other adjustments. These other adjustments include additions to operating cash flows for nonoperating charges such as depreciation and the provision for loan losses and write downs of assets. C