- (Continuous Coil) innersprings and certain other spring products and the licensing of patents owned and presently maintained by the Company in a number of foreign countries. The Company also sells quilting machines and similar equipment and certain other component products in some foreign countries. Foreign sales are a minor portion of the Company's business.
CUSTOMERS. The Company has several thousand customers, most of which are engaged in manufacturing finished bedding and furniture products. None of the Company's customers account for as much as 10% of sales and, in management's opinion, the loss of any single customer would not have a material adverse effect on the Company's business as a whole.
SOURCES OF RAW MATERIALS. Steel rod (from which steel wire is drawn) and coil steel are the Company's most important raw materials. Other raw materials used by the Company include aluminum ingot, aluminum scrap, angle steel, sheet steel, various woods, textile scrap, foam chemicals, foam scrap, woven and nonwoven fabrics and plastic.
Substantially all of the Company's requirements for steel wire, an important component in many of the Company's products, are supplied by Company-owned wire drawing mills. A substantial portion of the steel rod used by these wire drawing mills is purchased pursuant to a rod supply agreement with a major steel rod producer. The Company also produces, at various locations, for its own consumption and for sale to customers not affiliated with the Company, slit coil steel, welded steel tubing, textile fibers, dimension lumber and aluminum ingot.
Numerous supply sources for the raw materials used by the Company are available. The Company did not experience any significant shortages of raw materials during the past year.
PATENTS: RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. The Company holds numerous patents concerning its various product lines. No single patent or group of patents is material to the Company's business as a whole. The Company's more significant t