les which extend through 2005 as discussed under "Competition") occurred on July 28, 1993. The seasonal capability of the Companies on that day was 6,141,000 kW. Of that system capability, 6.6% was available to serve additional load, after giving effect to net firm purchases at that hour of 521,000 kW and term power sales to other utilities. Based on existing capacity, the load forecast made in November 1993 and anticipated term power sales to other utilities, the capacity margins during the 1994-1998 period are expected to range from about 5% to 9%.
Regional Reliability
The Company participates with 26 other electric companies operating in nine states in the East Central Area Reliability Coordination Agreement (ECAR), which was organized for the purpose of furthering the reliability of bulk power supply in the area through coordination of the planning and operation by the ECAR members of their bulk power supply facilities. The ECAR members have established principles and procedures regarding matters affecting the reliability of the bulk power supply within the ECAR region. Procedures have been adopted regarding: i) the evaluation and simulated testing of systems' performance; ii) the establishment of minimum levels of daily operating reserves; iii) the development of a program regarding emergency procedures during conditions of declining system frequency; and iv) the basis for uniform rating of generating equipment.
Competition
The Companies compete with other utilities for intersystem bulk power sales and for sales to municipalities and cooperatives. The Companies compete with suppliers of natural gas and other forms of energy in connection with their industrial and commercial sales and in the home
climate control market, both with respect to new customers and conversions, and with all other suppliers of electricity. To date, there has been no substantial cogeneration by the Companies' customers.
In an effort to more fully utilize their facilities and hold down ra