 HTM investment portfolios are comprised of four basic types of securities: U.S. Treasury and U.S. agency securities ("U.S. Treasury and Agency"), mortgage-backed obligations of Federal agencies ("MBS's"), collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMO's"), and obligations of states and political subdivisions ("Municipals"). The book value of other investment securities accounted for only 1.3% of the book value of the total portfolio at December 31, 1993.
The securities of no single issuer other than the U.S. Government and related agencies exceeded 10% of stockholders' equity at December 31, 1993. Substantially all of the Municipals are rated A or higher by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and approximately 58% are rated AAA. Investment securities classified as other securities are generally unrated.
At December 31, 1993, the book value of the total investment portfolio (both AFS and HTM in 1993) was $3.0 billion compared with $2.6 billion at December 31, 1992. The portfolio size increased from 29.8% of total assets at December 31, 1992 to 31.7% at December 31, 1993. This increase in the overall investment portfolio was prompted by continued lackluster lending activity, by weak macro- economic growth and excellent investment opportunities precipitated by the shape of the yield curve.
Available-for-Sale Investment Portfolio
The AFS portfolio is managed from a total return perspective. As such, securities will often be sold out of the AFS portfolio when management deems that a greater return can be earned in another type of security (including cash) or that the interest rate risk in the balance sheet is not appropriate for the prevailing micro- and macro-economic climate.
All of the Corporation's 15-year MBS's, selected CMO's, municipal obligations, adjustable rate MBS's and floating rate CMO's are held in the AFS portfolio. The cash flows of the 15-yr MBS's were deemed too uncertain relative to the current micro- and macro-economic conditions facing the Corporation. They 