 statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes in 1992 and postretirement benefits in 1991.
COOPERS & LYBRAND Portland, Oregon February 11, 1994
OREGON STEEL MILLS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries. Affiliates which are 20 percent to 50 percent owned are accounted for using the equity method. All material intercompany transactions and account balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. Operations of purchased businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition (see Note 11).
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
The Company invests excess cash balances in short-term securities, including corporate and municipal obligations, bank repurchase agreements, commercial paper, remarketed preferred stock, and similar instruments which are readily converted to known amounts of cash and are so near to maturity that they present insignificant risk in changes in value because of changes in interest rates. The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments.
INVENTORIES
Inventories are stated at the lower of average cost or market.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment are recorded at historical costs, including all costs directly related to the acquisition or construction of, and the preparation for, the assets' intended use, such as interest capitalized on funds borrowed to finance the major capital additions. Such capitalized interest amounted to $1.7 million, $318,000 and $1.4 million in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. Depreciation is determined utilizing principally the straightline method over the estimated useful lives of the individual items. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and costs of improvements are capitalized. Upon disposal