er transmission. Permitting "open access" to the System's transmission system helps support such a finding. Various parties, including the Council, the APSC, the MPSC, and the LPSC, intervened in the proceeding. On March 3, 1992, FERC approved the filing, with some modifications, and on August 7, l992, FERC denied rehearing of its March 1992 order. On August 24, l992, various parties filed petitions with the D.C. Circuit for review of FERC's 1992 orders, and these petitions have been consolidated. The revised tariffs, submitted by Entergy Services in response to FERC's 1992 orders, were accepted for filing and made effective, subject to further modifications, by order dated April 5, l993. Entergy Services made a further compliance filing on May 5, l993, reflecting these modifications and requesting reconsideration of certain limited matters, which is subject to approval by FERC. On December 31, 1993, Entergy Services filed revisions to the transmission service tariff to recognize GSU's inclusion in the Entergy System. These matters are pending.
Retail Rate Matters
General. AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI currently have retail rate structures sufficient to recover their costs, including costs associated with their allocated shares of capacity and energy from Grand Gulf 1 under the Unit Power Sales Agreement, and a return on equity. Certain costs related to Grand Gulf 1 (and in LP&L's case, Waterford 3 are being phased-into retail rates over a period of time, in order to avoid the "rate shock" associated with increasing rates to reflect all of such costs at once. The deferral period in which costs are incurred but not currently recovered has expired for all of these programs, and AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI are now recovering those costs that were previously deferred. Also, AP&L and LP&L have retained a portion of their shares of Grand Gulf 1 capacity and GSU is operating under a deregulated asset plan for a portion of its share of River Bend.
GSU is involved in several r