 on or prior to the Liquidation Date. Holders of record as of the business day next proceeding the Liquidation Date will be entitled to receive a terminating distribution with respect to each Depositary Unit equal to a pro rata portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Net Profits Royalties (to the extent not previously distributed) and a pro rata portion of the proceeds from the matured Treasury Obligations. Under the Trust Agreement, Santa Fe has a right of first refusal to purchase any of the Royalty Interests at fair market value, or if applicable, the offered third-party price, prior to the Liquidation Date.
FEDERAL INCOME TAX MATTERS
This section is a summary of Federal income tax matters of general application which addresses all material tax consequences of the ownership and sale of Depositary Units. Except where indicated, the discussion below describes general Federal income tax considerations applicable to individuals who are citizens or residents of the United States. Accordingly, the following discussion has limited application to domestic corporations and persons subject to specialized Federal income tax treatment, such as tax-exempt entities, regulated investment companies and insurance companies. The
following discussion does not address tax consequences to foreign persons. It is impractical to comment on all aspects of Federal, state, local and foreign laws that may affect the tax consequences of the transactions contemplated hereby and of an investment in Depositary Units as they relate to the particular circumstances of every prospective Holder. EACH HOLDER SHOULD CONSULT HIS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO HIS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.
This summary is based on current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), existing and proposed regulations thereunder and current administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to changes that may or may not be retroactively applied. Some of the applicabl