n Committee are reviewed quarterly by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. See the Regulations section for a further discussion of classification of loans.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the Association's classified loans to its non-accrual loans, restructured loans, and real estate and other assets acquired in settlement of loans (REO) at December 31, 1993 and 1992. Further information regarding non-accrual loans, restructured loans, and REO may be found in the following pages.
- -------- * At December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively, $2.9 million and $4.6 million of non-accrual loans were not classified. These loans identified as non-accrual but not classified were primarily single-family residential loans which were guaranteed through government programs or which have full recourse against the servicer.
Potential problem loans amounted to approximately $10.2 million at December 31, 1993. Potential problem loans are currently performing and have not been restructured but compliance with the present loan repayment terms is doubtful based on management's assessment of possible credit problems of the borrowers. These potential problem loans have been included above as substandard loans.
The following table reflects the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated:
The following table summarizes net charge-offs/(recoveries) by state for the year ended December 31, 1993:
The following table summarizes the Association's net charge-offs to average loans outstanding for the periods indicated.
The increases in the ratio of single-family residential real estate loan net charge-offs to average loans for the periods ended December 31, 1993 and 1992, and March 31, 1992 were due to general economic conditions, particularly the recessions in New England and California. The lingering recessionary environment caused high rates of unemployment and reduced family income levels which resulted in declining real estate values and incre