els, alleging trademark infringement and unfair business practices. Following extensive negotiations, the parties entered into a settlement agreement approved by the Bankruptcy Court which involved ongoing licensing arrangements for the hotels.
COMMONWEALTH EQUITY TRUST (Debtor-in-Possession) AND AFFILIATES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued ______________
12. Commitments and Contingencies, continued:
Other
In accordance with bankruptcy proceedings, claims are filed with the Court by specified dates. At September 30, 1993, the Trust recorded its estimate of valid claims.
The Trust believes, based on the supporting documentation that it has, that the remaining excess claims will ultimately be determined not to be valid. However, there is no assurance that the Court will not hold additional claims from the remaining excess claims to be valid; and, if the Court does so hold, there is no practical way of estimating what the total amount of additional claims would be.
13. Basis of Presentation:
The financial statements have been presented on a going concern basis which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business; however, as a result of the Chapter 11 proceedings and related litigation, such realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities are subject to significant uncertainties. These financial statements include adjustments and reclassifications that have been made to reflect indebtedness as extended under the Plan of Reorganization, as described in Note 1. Such indebtedness is included in "Liabilities Subject to Compromise." These financial statements do not include any adjustments that would be required should the Trust be unable to continue as a going concern or as a result of the finalization of the Chapter 11 proceedings.
14. Liabilities Subject to Compromise:
The Trust has $133,065,000 of liabilities which are subject to compromise in Chapter 11 proceedings as follows:
COMMONWEAL