material adverse effect on the revenues of the Company. Note the Rediffusion change of ownership described in the Recent Developments section, page 4, of this report.
COMPETITION: - -----------
Primary competitive factors for the Company's products are performance and price. Because competitors are constantly striving to improve their products, E&S must assure that it continues to offer products with the best technical capability at a competitive price. The Company believes that it is able to compete well in this environment and that it will continue to be able to do so.
Evans & Sutherland's line of graphics accelerators for use with Sun and IBM workstations sells into the competitive market for high-performance engineering workstations. The sale of these products through a strong OEM partner should enhance the Company's competitive ability. The Company believes it can compete successfully under these conditions.
Evans & Sutherland has been a major supplier of visual systems to the civil airlines market worldwide. It has marketed its products through Rediffusion, now owned by Thomson. Thomson, which is a competitor of the Company, has indicated that the terms and conditions of the Rediffusion working agreement are unacceptable to it. Discussions between the parties, for the purpose of developing a suitable ongoing relationship, are continuing (see Recent Developments). Flight Safety, Link Miles (also owned by Thomson), and CAE (the Canadian parent of CAE Link) are the main competitors in this market.
E&S has continued to gain market share in visual systems in the U.S. military simulation market. CAE Link and Martin Marietta (the latter through the recently acquired General Electric division) are the major competitors in this market. The Company's sales of military and tactical training visual systems have remained in the mid-$40 million range for the past several years. While sales are not expected to change significantly in the coming year, the level of new orders 