een made through joint ventures. There are certain risks associated with the Partnership's investments including the possibility that the Partnership's joint venture partner(s) in an investment might become unable or unwilling to fulfill its (their) financial or other obligations, or that such joint venture partner(s) may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the Partnership.
In response to the weakness of the economy and the limited amount of available real estate financing in particular, the Partnership is taking steps to preserve its working capital during the current economic slowdown. Therefore, the Partnership is carefully scrutinizing the appropriateness of any possibly discretionary expenditures, particularly in relation to the amount of working capital it has available to it and its ventures. By conserving working capital, the Partnership will be in a better position to meet future needs of its properties without having to rely on external financing sources.
Piper Jaffray Tower
The Minneapolis office market remains competitive due to the significant amount of new office building developments, which has caused effective rental rates achieved at Piper Jaffray Tower to be below expectations. During the fourth quarter 1991, Larkins, Hoffman, Daly & Lindgren, Ltd. (23,344 square feet) approached the joint venture indicating that it was experiencing financial difficulties and desired to give back a portion or all of its leased space. Larkin's lease was scheduled to expire in January 2005 and provided for annual rental payments which were significantly higher than current market rental rates. Larkin was also an owner with partial interests in the building and the land under the building. After substantive review of Larkin's financial condition, on January 15, 1992, the joint venture signed an agreement with Larkin to terminate its lease in return for its partial interest (4%) in the land under the building and a $1,011,79