Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement between the Company and John Elwood filed as an Exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K dated March 26, 1993, which is incorporated herein by reference.
(k) Employment Agreement dated as of March 1, 1993 between John Stetz and the Company.
(l) Employment Agreement dated as of May 18, 1993 between Paul Hower.
(m) Consolidated and Amended Settlement Agreement dated as of October 12,
between Allan V. Rose and the Company.
(11) Computation of Earnings Per Common Share.
(21) Subsidiaries of the Company.
(23) (a) Consent of Arthur Andersen & Co. (b) Consent of J.H. Cohn & Co.
(b) Reports on Form 8-K: None
PRIME HOSPITALITY CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (ITEM 14 (A))
Other schedules are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is given in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
Separate financial statements of 50% or less owned entities accounted for by the equity method have been omitted because such entities considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary would not constitute a significant subsidiary.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Prime Hospitality Corp.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Prime Hospitality Corp. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries ("the Company") as of December 31, 1993 and 1992 and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 1993 and the five months ended December 31, 1992. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statem