 set unit value as all accounting, investor reporting and tax information is based upon each investor's relative percentage of Invested Capital. Accordingly, earnings or loss per unit is not presented in the accompanying financial statements.
Investment in Cooper Village
The Partnership uses the equity method of accounting to account for its investment in Cooper Village Partners inasmuch as control of Cooper Village Partners is shared jointly between the Partnership and Real Estate Income Partners III, Limited Partnership. The accounting policies of Cooper Village Partners are consistent with those of the Partnership.
Reclassifications
Certain reclassifications have been made to conform prior year amounts to the 1993 presentation.
(3) Investment in Cooper Village Partners
During 1987 and 1988, Cooper Village Partners ("CV Partners"), a California general partnership consisting of the Partnership and Real Estate Income Partners III, Limited Partnership, an affiliated limited partnership ("Fund III"), acquired Cooper Village. In connection therewith, the Partnership and Fund-III contributed capital contributions of $5,937,000 (58%) and $4,300,000 (42%), respectively, and share in the profits, losses and distributions of CV Partners in proportion to their respective ownership interests.
DAMSON/BIRTCHER REALTY INCOME FUND-II, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Cont'd.)
(3) Investment in Cooper Village Partners (Cont'd.)
Condensed summary financial information for CV Partners is presented below.
DAMSON/BIRTCHER REALTY INCOME FUND-II, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Cont'd.)
(4) Transactions with Affiliates
The Partnership has no employees and, accordingly, the General Partner and its affiliates perform services on behalf of the Partnership in connection with administering the affairs of the Partnership. The General Partner and affiliates are reimbursed for their general and administrative costs actually incurred and associated with serv