ITEM 1. BUSINESS
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUST
The Santa Fe Energy Trust (the Trust), created under the laws of the State of Texas, maintains its offices at the office of the Trustee, Texas Commerce Bank National Association (the Trustee), 600 Travis, Suite 1150, Houston, Texas 77002. The telephone number of the Trust is (713) 216-5100.
The Trust was formed pursuant to an Organizational Trust Agreement dated as of October 22, 1992. Effective November 19, 1992, the Organizational Trust Agreement was amended and restated by the Trust Agreement of Santa Fe Energy Trust between Santa Fe Energy Resources, Inc. (Santa Fe) and Texas Commerce Bank National Association (the Trust Agreement). Under the terms of the Trust Agreement, Santa Fe conveyed royalty interests in certain oil and gas properties to the Trust. In exchange for the conveyance of such royalty interests, the Trust issued 6,300,000 units of undivided beneficial interest (Trust Units). The Trust Units and the Treasury Obligations (hereinafter defined) were deposited with Texas Commerce Bank National Association, as depositary (the Depositary) in exchange for 6,300,000 Depositary Units (hereinafter defined). Each Depositary Unit consists of beneficial ownership of one Trust Unit and a $20 face amount beneficial ownership interest in a $1,000 face amount zero coupon United States Treasury obligation (Treasury Obligation) maturing on February 15, 2008 (Liquidation Date). The Depositary Units are evidenced by Secure Principal Energy Receipts (SPERs), which are issued and transferable only in denominations of 50 Depositary Units or an integral multiple thereof. The Depositary Units are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SFF.
The Trust Units and Treasury Obligations are held by the Depositary for the holders of Depositary Units (Holders). The Treasury Obligations consist of a portfolio of United States Treasury stripped interest coupons that mature on the Liquidation Date in the aggregate face amount o