terests of the Company;
b. engaging in charitable and community activities; and
c. managing his personal investments;
provided that such activities do not, individually or collectively, interfere with the regular performance of the Executive's duties and responsibilities under this Agreement.
5. Salary and Incentive Compensation. During the Employment Period, as --------------------------------- long as the Executive is employed by the Company, the Executive shall be entitled to compensation from the Company as follows:
a. For all services to be rendered by the Executive to the Company during the Employment Period, including, without limitation, services as an executive, officer, director, employee or member of any committee of the Company or its subsidiaries, divisions, business units or affiliates, the Executive shall be paid compensation in the form of a base or fixed salary, payable not less often than once each month, at the annual rate of Four Hundred Eighty Thousand Dollars ($480,000), with the opportunity for periodic annual reviews and increases in such rate as shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors.
b. The Executive shall be paid additional compensation in the form of incentive compensation as follows:
i. The Executive shall be an "Eligible Employee" as that term is defined in the Company's Annual Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Annual Incentive Plan") and may receive incentive compensation as provided by the terms of such Plan.
Pursuant to the Annual Incentive Plan, the Executive's "Bonus Percentage" (as defined therein) will be 50%. The Executive's participation in the Annual Incentive Plan is subject to the terms and conditions of the Annual Incentive Plan, or any amended version of the Annual Incentive Plan or any successor or other annual incentive compensation plan which may be adopted and become legally effective during the Employment Period.
ii. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the Company's 1994 fiscal y