ng consolidated financial statements. In view of, among other things, current and anticipated market and leasing conditions affecting the property including uncertainty regarding the amount of space, if any, which IBM will renew when its lease expires in December 1998, there is no assurance that the joint venture or the Partnership will be able to refinance these notes when they mature, the Partnership may then decide not to commit any significant amounts to the property. This may result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in the property, and would result in a gain for financial reporting and for Federal income tax purposes with no corresponding distributable proceeds.
(iv) JMB/125
In December 1985, the Partnership, through the JMB/125 joint venture partnership, acquired an interest in an existing joint venture partnership ("125 Broad") which owns a 40-story office building, together with a leasehold interest in the underlying land, located at 125 Broad Street in New York, New York. In addition to JMB/125, the other partners (the "O&Y partners") of 125 Broad include O&Y 25 Realty Company L.P., Olympia & York Broad Street Holding Company L.P. (USA) and certain other affiliates of Olympia & York Development, Ltd. ("O&Y"). CARLYLE REAL ESTATE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP - XV
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - CONTINUED
JMB/125 is a joint venture between Carlyle-XV Associates, L.P. (in which the Partnership holds a 99% limited partnership interest), Carlyle-XVI Associates, L.P. and Carlyle Advisors, Inc. The terms of the JMB/125 venture agreement generally provide that JMB/125's share of 125 Broad's annual cash flow and sale or refinancing proceeds will be distributed or allocated to the Partnership in proportion to its (indirect) approximate 60% share of capital contributions to JMB/125. In April 1993 JMB/125, originally a general partnership, was converted to a limited partnership, and the Partnership's interest in JMB/125, which previously ha