 $40 million available as needed, at Northwest Natural's option, on a monthly basis. Under the terms of these bank lines, Northwest Natural pays a commitment fee but is not required to maintain compensating bank balances. The interest rates on borrowings under these lines of credit are based on current
market rates as negotiated. There were no outstanding balances as of December 31, 1993.
Financial Corporation has available through September 30, 1994, lines of credit with two commercial banks totalling $20 million, including $10 million committed and $10 million uncommitted. Financial Corporation pays a fee on the committed line but not on the uncommitted line; it is not required to maintain compensating bank balances on either line. The interest rates on borrowings under these lines of credit also are based on current market rates as negotiated. Financial Corporation's lines are supported by the unconditional guaranty of Northwest Natural. There were no outstanding balances as of December 31, 1993 under the Financial Corporation bank lines.
Commercial Paper ----------------
The Company's primary source of short-term funds is commercial paper. Both Northwest Natural and Financial Corporation issue commercial paper which is supported by the committed bank lines discussed above. Financial Corporation's commercial paper is unconditionally guarantied by Northwest Natural (see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Agrico Term Loan ----------------
At December 31, 1991, $14.0 million was outstanding under a term loan agreement between Agrico and United States National Bank of Oregon (U.S. Bank). Under a settlement agreement between Energy Systems, U.S. Bank, and Northwest Natural, U.S. Bank assigned the term loan to Energy Systems in exchange for payments by Energy Systems and Northwest Natural totalling $7.2 million. Such payments were made, and the debt was retired during 1992 (see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed 