upplementary Data - ------- -------------------------------------------
Report of Management
The consolidated financial statements of Dresser Industries, Inc. have been prepared by management and have been audited by independent accountants. The management of the Company is responsible for the financial information and representations contained in the financial statements and other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management believes that the financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles appropriate under the circumstances to reflect, in all material respects, the substance of events and transactions that should be included. In preparing the financial statements, it is necessary that management make informed estimates and judgments based on currently available information of the effects of certain events and transactions.
In meeting its responsibility for the reliability of the financial statements, management depends on the Company's internal control structure. This internal control structure is designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and are properly recorded. In designing control procedures, management recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur. Also, estimates and judgments are required to assess and balance the relative cost and expected benefits of the controls. Management believes that the Company's internal control structure provides reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions.
The Board of Directors pursues its oversight role for the accompanying financial statements through its Audit and Finance Committee, which is composed solely of directors who are not officers or employees of the Company. Th