financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Northwest Natural Gas Company and subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.
As discussed in Notes 8 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes and postretirement benefits in the year ended December 31, 1993.
/s/ Deloitte & Touche DELOITTE & TOUCHE
February 25, 1994
NORTHWEST NATURAL GAS COMPANY
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)
Year Ended December 31 1993 1992 1991 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------ NET OPERATING REVENUES: Revenues: Utility $347,852 $266,183 $281,