, 1993 totaled $9.0 million (generally subject to withdrawal by the banks). Substantially all of the cash balances of Union Light are maintained to compensate the respective banks for banking services and to obtain lines of credit; however, Union Light has the right of withdrawal of such funds. The maximum amount of outstanding short-term notes payable authorized by Union Light's Board of Directors and approved by FERC to be incurred at any time through December 31, 1994 is $35 million.
(9) SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME INFORMATION:
Taxes other than income taxes as set forth in the Statement of Income are as follows:
(10) FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY BUSINESS SEGMENTS:
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
To The Union Light, Heat and Power Company:
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of THE UNION LIGHT, HEAT AND POWER COMPANY (a Kentucky corporation and a subsidiary of The Cincinnati Gas & Electric Company) as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related statements of income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. These financial statements and the schedules referred to below are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referre