n has served as the President of the Company's Environmental Control Business.
(4) Mr. Golsen has served in the same capacity with the Company for the past five years.
(5) Mr. Goss, a certified public accountant, has served in substantially the same capacity with the Company for the past five years.
(6) Mr. Ille has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of First Life Assurance Company ("First Life") since May, 1988, and on March 31, 1994, he retired from that position. In 1991, First Life was placed in conservatorship under the Oklahoma Department of Insurance and was sold on March 31, 1994. For more than five (5) years prior to that time, Mr. Ille also served as President of United Founders Life Insurance Company. Mr. Ille also serves as a director of Landmark Land Company Inc. ("Landmark") and served as a director of Landmark's wholly-owned savings and loan subsidiary. Such savings and loan subsidiary was placed in receivership in 1991 by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation while Mr. Ille served as a director. First Life was a subsidiary of Landmark until such was placed in conservatorship.
(7) Dr. Shaffer retired from the practice of medicine in 1987. Prior to that time, Dr. Shaffer practiced medicine in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, for more than five years.
(8) Mr. Shelby, a certified public accountant, has served in substantially the same capacity with the Company during the past five years.
(9) Prior to his retirement in September of 1987, Mr. Thurman served a s President of the industrial supply operations of the Company's Industrial Products Business for more than five years.
Family Relationships. Jack E. Golsen is the father of Barry H. Golsen; Jack E. Golsen and Robert C. Brown, M.D., are brothers-in-law; and Robert C. Brown, M.D. is the uncle of Barry H. Golsen.
Compliance with section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Based solely on a review of copies of the Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company with respect to 1993, or w