xcess of the total acquisition cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Such additional payments were approximately $6.4 and $2.7 during 1993 and 1992, respectively.
C -- ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES Accrued expenses and other current liabilities at December 31 consist of the following:
D -- LONG-TERM DEBT Long-term debt at December 31 consists of the following:
LEGGETT & PLATT, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
D -- LONG-TERM DEBT (CONTINUED) The revolving credit agreements provide for a maximum line of credit of $160.0. For any revolving credit agreement, the Company may elect to pay interest based on 1) the bank's base lending rate, 2) LIBOR, 3) an adjusted certificate of deposit rate, or 4) the money market rate, as specified in the revolving agreements. Any outstanding balances at the end of the third year of the revolving credit agreements may be converted into term loans payable in ten equal semi-annual installments. Commitment fees during the revolving agreement period are 3/16 of 1% per annum of the unused credit line, payable on a quarterly basis.
The revolving credit agreements and certain other long-term debt contain restrictive covenants which, among other restrictions, limit the amount of additional debt, require working capital to be maintained at specified amounts and restrict payments of dividends. Unrestricted retained earnings available for dividends at December 31, 1993 were approximately $137.1.
Maturities of long-term debt for each of the five years following 1993 are:
E -- LEASE OBLIGATIONS The Company conducts certain of its operations in leased premises and also leases most of its automotive and trucking equipment and some other assets. Terms of the leases, including purchase options, renewals and maintenance costs, vary by lease. Total rental expense entering into the determination of results of operations was approximately $17.4, $16.8 and $17.0 for the years 