 of the fiscal year. Equity Bank will adopt the provisions of this Statement as of January 1, 1994. Management has determined that the effect of the adoption of this statement will not be material to Equity Bank.
Termination of Assistance Agreement: -----------------------------------
In connection with the acquisition of Arrowhead, Equity Bank and FSLIC entered into an Assistance Agreement with an original term of ten years. The Assistance Agreement provided for various forms of financial assistance and indemnifications to Equity Bank during the term of the Agreement and required payments to FSLIC for sharing of certain items including capital losses, net income and tax benefits.
In March 1993, Equity Bank, the Company and the RTC (FDIC as manager of the FSLIC Resolution Fund) finalized an agreement terminating the Assistance Agreement (the "Termination Agreement"). Under the Termination Agreement, the RTC paid Equity Bank approximately $14.2 million in cash and all of the obligations of both parties under the Assistance Agreement were terminated. As a result of the Termination Agreement, Equity Bank assumed all credit risk with respect to existing "covered assets." Equity Bank allocated a substantial portion of such $14.2 million to record the previously covered loans and foreclosed real estate at estimated fair value. As a result, the Company believes that there are adequate reserves relating to the assets to reserve for the credit risk which was assumed. Also as a result of the Termination Agreement, the Equity Bank is no longer indemnified for any potential claim relating to any covered asset arising out of, or based upon, any liability, action or failure to act of Equity Bank, or any of the Equity Bank affiliates, officers or directors from and after December 30, 1988 that are asserted against the FDIC. The effect of the accounting for the Termination Agreement included reclassifying previously covered assets to reflect their status at the date of termination 