ties. Contracts may be terminated by the U.S. Government either for default, if the contractor materially breaches the contract, or "for the convenience" of the Government. Under contracts terminated for the convenience of the Government, a contractor is generally entitled to receive payments for its contract cost and the proportionate share of its fee or earnings for work done, subject to availability of funding.
One of MDC's largest programs for the U.S. Government is the C-17 Globemaster III. The C-17 program is completing development and moving into full production. However, MDC has incurred significant C-17 related losses as a result of its cost estimate at completion exceeding the fixed-price ceiling set for development and initial production. In addition, as of December 31, 1993, the U.S.Air Force had withheld approximately $312 million from MDC's progress payment requests principally as a result of the higher cost estimates and the reclassification of certain costs. In May 1993, a Defense Acquisition Board initiated by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition began a review of the C-17 program in an effort to resolve outstanding issues and to make recommendations regarding the C-17's future. In connection with the
review, MDC provided data and participated in numerous discussions. In January 1994, MDC and the Department of Defense agreed to a business settlement of a variety of issues concerning the C-17. MDC and the U.S. Air Force will be developing plans and contractual modifications and agreements to implement the business settlement, which is subject to Congressional authorization and appropriations. This process is expected to be completed during 1994. The settlement covered issues open as of the date of the settlement, including the allocation of sustaining engineering costs to the development and production contracts, the sharing of flight test costs over a previous level, and the resolution of claims and of performance/specification issues. The