mpany. A court-approved settlement of the Carpi, Edelman, and Waldman Actions became effective as of December 1, 1993, pursuant to which the defendants will pay plaintiffs approximately $14.8 million, approximately $13.4 million of which will be paid by MDCC, its corporate affiliates and the individual defendants (a portion of which will be paid from the officers and directors liability insurance covering the individual defendants). As part of the settlement, MDCC purchased the equipment portfolios of the limited partnerships for 121% of the $1.0 million net book value. The Company adequately reserved for the settlement of the Actions and the settlement will not have a significant adverse impact on its financial condition or results of operations.
In March 1993, Wilmington Trust Company, CoreStates Bank, N.A., Midlantic National Bank and Continental Bank (collectively the "Banks") filed suit
against the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, MDFC Equipment Leasing Corporation ("ELC"), in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware seeking to recover payments made under letters of credit issued by the Banks in an aggregate amount of $2.8 million plus interest on such payments. In March 1994, ELC reached an agreement in principle to settle the suit by agreeing to pay the Banks a de minimus amount.
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.
All of the Company's preferred and common stock is owned by MDFS. In 1993, the Company declared and paid no dividends to MDFS on its common stock compared to $102.3 million declared and paid in 1992. The 1992 common stock dividends declared and paid were unusually high due to the downsizing of the Company. The Company paid $3.6 million and $3.5 million in dividends on its preferred stock in 1993 and 1992. Preferred stock dividends of $0.5 million payable to MDFS were accrued at December 31, 1993. The Company currently expects to pay common stock dividends of at least $13.0 million to MDFS in 1