nt to the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) the Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to the Loan Documents as modified and amended pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. All references in the Other Loan Documents to (i) the Note shall be deemed to refer to the Note, as amended and modified by this Agreement, (ii) the Deed of Trust shall be deemed to refer to the Deed of Trust, as amended and modified pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and (iii) the Other Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to the Other Loan Documents as amended and modified pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.
8. Ratification. Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Loan, as amended pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, shall be secured by, among other things, the Deed of Trust, as modified and amended pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, and shall be evidenced by the Note, as modified and amended pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. Borrower hereby assumes and agrees to perform all of the terms, covenants and provisions contained in the Note, the Deed of Trust and the Other Loan Documents, all as modified and amended pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. Borrower and Lender agree that all of the terms, covenants and conditions of the Note, the Deed of Trust and the Other Loan Documents, except as expressly amended and modified pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, remain in full force and effect.
9. No Defenses. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that there are no offsets, defenses or counterclaims of any nature whatsoever with respect to (i) the Note, the Deed of Trust or any of the Other Loan Documents or (ii) the payment of the indebtedness evidenced by the Note and secured by, among other things, the Deed of Trust (hereinafter referred to as the "DEBT"). Borrower acknowledges that Borrower's obligation to pay the Debt in accordance with the provisions of the Note, the Deed of Trust and the Other Loan Documents is and shall