an provided for the grant of both incentive stock options and non-qualifying options. The exercise price of an incentive stock option will not be less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of the grant. The exercise price of non-qualifying options will be determined by a committee of the Board of Directors. On November 22, 1993, in accordance with the terms of the Stock Option Plan, non-qualifying stock options for 10,000 shares of common stock were granted to non-employee directors. The options were issued at $4.50 per share, the fair market value at the date of grant.
The Company has an employee's profit-sharing plan which provides for contributions to a fund, to be held in trust by a corporate fiduciary, of a sum as defined, but not to exceed the amount permitted under the Internal Revenue Service Code as deductible expense. The provision charged to operations was approximately $5,000 for each of the years ended December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991. Contributions are funded on a current basis.
24. PENSION PLAN OF BANKATLANTIC
See note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements of BankAtlantic, A Federal Savings Bank and Subsidiaries, included elsewhere herein.
25. LITIGATION
The following is a description of certain lawsuits to which the Company is a party.
Timothy J. Chelling vs. BFC Financial Corporation, Alan B. Levan, I.R.E. Advisors Series 21, Corp. and First Equity Corporation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Florida Case No. 89-1850-Civ Nesbitt. John D. Purcell and Debra A. Purcell vs. BFC Financial Corporation, Alan B. Levan, Scott Kranz, Frank Grieco, I.R.E. Advisors Series 23, Corp. and First Equity Corporation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 89-1284- Civ-Ryskamp. William A. Smith and Else M. Smith vs. BFC Financial Corporation, Alan B. Levan and I.R.E. Advisors Series 24, Corp. and First Equity Corporation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Florida, Case No. 89-1605- Civ-Marcus.
Thes