 contracts except for the investigation being conducted by the Office of the Inspector General of the United States Department of Defense at the Ni-Tec division of the Company's Varo Inc. subsidiary. (See Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.) Revenue and earnings on certain contracts with the DoD are accounted for based on estimated performance over the contract term. In addition, the Company has certain fixed-price development contracts. The Company believes that its cost estimates, with respect to such contracts, are reasonable and that negotiated fixed prices are sufficient to cover estimated development costs, but there can be no assurances that future events would not change the ultimate accuracy of those estimates. The government's desire to reduce the national budget deficit continues to exert great pressure on all elements of the federal budget, particularly defense. Nevertheless, the Company believes that the type and array of programs it addresses help minimize the effect of the termination of any one program.
Item 8.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
The consolidated financial statements and supplementary data required by Part II, Item 8 of Form 10-K are included in Part IV of this Form 10-K Report as indexed at Item 14(a)(1).
Item 9.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Not Applicable.
PART III
Item 10.


Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.
Reference is made to the information to be set forth in the section entitled "Election of Directors" in the Company's Proxy Statement, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders which will be held on May 24, 1994 (the "Proxy Statement"), which section is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after December 31, 1993, pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
The informatio