 requirements. Liquidity can be obtained either through the maturity or sale of assets or the issuance of liabilities at acceptable costs within an acceptable period of time.
The liquidity of the Corporation is enhanced by asset and liability management policies. The Funds Management Policy Committee is responsible for setting general guidelines regarding the Corporation's sources and uses of funds, asset and liability sensitivity, and interest margins, pursuant to the Corporation's Funds Management Policy approved by the Board of Directors. The Committee's goals foster the stable generation of increased net interest income without sacrificing credit quality, jeopardizing capital or adversely impacting liquidity. The Corporation maintains a level of asset and liability liquidity based on an internal assessment of its ability to meet obligations under both normal and adverse conditions.
The Corporation experienced high levels of liquidity during 1993. The ratio of liquid assets to total assets at December 31, 1993 was 26.8%. Liquid assets are defined as vault cash, balances with the Federal Reserve Banks of Richmond and Philadelphia, unencumbered investment securities (including held-to- maturity investment securities), assets available for immediate borrowing from the Federal Reserve Banks of Richmond and Philadelphia and money market assets. Additionally, the Corporation measures liquidity by calculating the ratio of its liquid assets to credit sensitive liabilities. Credit sensitive liabilities are defined as wholesale liabilities where the credit rating of the Corporation would have a significant impact on the Corporation's ability to roll over maturing liabilities. At December 31, 1993, the ratio of liquid assets to credit sensitive liabilities was 212.2%. The Corporation expects the high level of liquidity to continue during 1994.
ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT
Asset and liability management is a process that involves the development and implementation of strategie