 cost or carrying amount of depreciable assets over their estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the period of the related lease.
EXPENDITURES FOR MAINTENANCE AND REPAIRS
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed; major replacements, renewals and betterments are capitalized. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets retired or otherwise disposed of are eliminated from the asset and accumulated depreciation accounts, and any gains or losses are reflected in operations for the period.
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
AMORTIZATION OF INTANGIBLES
Amortization is currently provided for on all intangible assets (primarily goodwill, which represents the excess of purchase price over fair value of net assets acquired) on a straight-line basis over periods of up to thirty years. Accumulated amortization at October 31, 1993 and 1992 was approximately $3,059,000 and $2,155,000, respectively. The Company assesses the recoverability of goodwill by determining whether the amortization of goodwill balance over its remaining life can be recovered through reasonably expected future results.
RESTRICTED STOCK AND COMPENSATION EXPENSE
Under the Company's 1988 Long Term Incentive Plan, its 1990 Non-Employee Directors' Restricted Stock Plan and its predecessor Restricted Stock Plans (see Note 12), certain officers and key employees designated by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof have purchased, for par value, shares of the Company's common stock restricted as to resale ('Restricted Shares') unless or until certain prescribed objectives are met or certain events occur. The difference between market value and par value of the Restricted Shares on the date of grant is recorded as unamortized restricted stock award compensation and shown as a component of stockholders' equity. This compensation is charged to operations as