ve, the Partnership has invested in various types of capital equipment and other assets to provide leasing or financing of the same to third parties, including Fortune 1000 companies and their subsidiaries, middle-market companies, emerging growth companies, cable television operators and others, on either a long-term or short-term basis. The types of equipment that the Partnership has invested in includes computer peripherals, terminal systems, small computer systems, communications equipment, IBM mainframes, IBM-software compatible mainframes, office systems, CAE/CAD/CAM equipment, telecommunications equipment, cable television equipment, medical equipment, production and manufacturing equipment and software products.
The Partnership has made secured loans to cable television systems, emerging growth companies, security monitoring companies and other businesses. These loans are asset-based and the Partnership receives a security interest in the assets financed.
Page 4 of 36
Item 1. Business (continued):
Narrative Description of Business (continued).
The Partnership's financing activities have been concentrated in the cable television industry. The Partnership has made secured loans (notes receivable) to operators of cable television systems for the acquisition, refinancing, construction, upgrade and extension of such systems located throughout the United States. The loans to cable television system operators are secured by a senior or subordinated interest in the assets of the cable television system, its franchise agreements, subscriber lists, material contracts and other related assets. In some cases the Partnership has also received personal guarantees from the owners of the systems. At December 31, 1993, the Partnership's investments in notes receivable primarily consist of notes receivable from four cable television system operators. The Partnership's net investment in notes receivable (including notes receivable reclassified to in-substance foreclosed cable 