 proposals that would provide a regulatory framework for telephone company entry into the cable television business and into the provision of future broadband video services in the companies' service areas.
Network regulations may also affect competition. In 1991, the FCC modified its Financial Interest and Syndication ("Fin/Syn") rules, which had limited the ability of television networks to acquire any financial interest or syndication rights in television programs and prohibited the networks from themselves syndicating television programs. CBS and other television networks appealed this decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, contending that the rules should have been eliminated rather than modified. The Court affirmed the FCC's decision to abrogate the pre-existing rules, but vacated the FCC's modification of those rules as arbitrary and capricious and remanded the matter to the FCC. In April 1993, the FCC announced new rules which eliminate all restrictions on network acquisition of financial interests and syndication rights in network programming and retain most restrictions on syndication by the networks themselves. Petitions to review the new rules are before the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.
The television network operations of CBS and other television networks are subject to consent decrees entered by the United States District Court for the Central District of California in 1980. In November 1993, the court modified the consent decrees to eliminate restrictions parallel to the FCC's old Fin/Syn rules, thereby permitting the networks to act to the extent permitted by the FCC's 1993 rules. The FCC has provided that all its Fin/Syn restrictions are to "sunset" two years from the date of the November 1993 modification of the consent decrees. It has also determined that it will review the rules six months before they expire and that the burden of proof in this review will rest on those favoring retention of the rules.
The CB