PLANS:
Company-sponsored pension plans
The Company maintains various defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans covering substantially all employees. Personnel employed by non-U.S. subsidiaries are covered by separate plans in their respective countries and U.S. employees are covered by various plans including the Retirement Programs of NL Industries, Inc. (the "NL Pension Plan").
A majority of U.S. employees are eligible to participate in a contributory savings plan with partial matching contributions by the Company. The Company's expense related to matching contributions was $.6 million, $1.0 million and nil in 1991, 1992 and 1993, respectively.
Defined pension benefits are generally based upon years of service and compensation under fixed-dollar, final pay or career average formulas, and the related expenses are based upon independent actuarial valuations. The funding policy for U.S. defined benefit plans is to contribute amounts which satisfy funding requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. Non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans are funded in accordance with applicable statutory requirements.
The funded status of the Company's defined benefit pension plans is set forth below. The rates used in determining the actuarial present value of benefit obligations were (i) discount rates - 7% to 8.5% (1992 - 8% to 9%) and (ii) rates of increase in future compensation levels - nil to 6% (1992 - nil to 7%). The expected long-term rates of return on assets used ranged from 8% to 10% in both 1992 and 1993. Plan assets are comprised primarily of investments in U.S. and non-U.S. corporate equity and debt securities, short-term investments, mutual funds and group annuity contracts.
SFAS No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for Pension Costs" requires that an additional pension liability be recognized when the unfunded accumulated pension benefit obligation exceeds the unfunded accrued pension liability. Variances from actuarially as