ted $48.2 million to redeem the 5 1/4% convertible subordinated debentures due 2002, which the noteholders may require the Trust to redeem in April 1994, and $4.1 million to exercise an option to purchase the land at Northeast Shopping Center in December 1994. These expenditures will be paid from proceeds from borrowings under its medium-term revolving credit facilities and from the issuance of long term debt or equity. In preparation for the future issuance of such long term debt or equity, the Trust filed a shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which became effective in December 1993, under which up to $300 million of debt securities, preferred shares or common shares may be issued.
The State of New Jersey Division of Taxation has assessed the Trust $364,000 in taxes, penalty and interest for the years 1985 through 1990, since the State has disallowed the dividends paid deduction in computing New Jersey taxable income. The Trust has filed a complaint in the Tax Court of New Jersey contesting the assessment since the Trust believes that it is
entitled to the deduction. At this time, the outcome of this matter is unknown.
The North Carolina Department of the Environment, Health and Natural Resources issued a Notice of Violation ("NOV") against a dry cleaner tenant at Eastgate Shopping Center in Chapel Hill, North Carolina concerning a spill at the shopping center. As owner of the shopping center, the Trust was named in and received a copy of the NOV. Estimates to remediate the spill range from $300,000 to $500,000. An agreement is being drawn with two previous owners of the shopping center to share the costs to remediate. The Trust has recorded a liability of $120,000 as its estimated share of the cleanup costs.
Contaminants at levels in excess of New Jersey cleanup standards were identified at a shopping center in New Jersey. The Trust has retained an environmental consultant to investigate the contamination. The Trust is also ev