unts of up to $1 million and $3 million, respectively; in those cases that include a spousal claim for loss of consortium, damages are generally sought against all defendants in an amount of up to $1 million for the loss of consortium claim. Therefore, because of the multiple defendants, the Operating Subsidiaries believe potential liability of the Operating Subsidiaries is a very small percentage of the total amount of the damages sought. A total of 94 cases have been previously settled by Monongahela for an amount substantially less than the anticipated cost of defense. While the Operating Subsidiaries believe that all of these cases are without merit, they cannot predict the outcome of these cases or whether other cases will be filed.
On March 4, 1994, the Operating Subsidiaries received notice that the EPA had identified them as potentially responsible parties ("PRPs") under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended ("CERCLA"), with respect to the Jack's Creek/Sitkin Smelting Superfund Site ("Site"). The Operating Subsidiaries are among some 880 PRPs that have been identified at the Site. EPA is planning to issue a Proposed Plan and Record of Decision in September 1994 delineating the remedy selected for the Site. At this time it is not possible to determine what liability, if any, the Operating Subsidiaries may have regarding the Site.
- 35 -
In 1970, the Operating Subsidiaries filed with the Federal Power Commission (FPC) an application for a license to build a 1,000-MW energy-storage facility near Davis, West Virginia. In 1977, FPC issued a license for the project, but various parties, including the State of West Virginia and the U.S. Department of Interior, filed appeals, which are now pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) denied a dredge and fill permit for the project, which decision was appealed. The U.S. District Court for the Dist