 products from other manufacturers. Merisel's policy is to
not grant cash refunds. Merisel has recently initiated a program that provides incentives to ComputerLand franchisees and Datago affiliates to make all their product purchases from Merisel and the ComputerLand Business.
Prompt Delivery. In most areas of the world serviced by the Company, orders received by 5:00 p.m. local time are typically shipped the same day, provided the required inventory is in stock. Merisel maintains sufficient inventory levels in the United States to fill consistently in excess of 95% of all units ordered on the day of receipt. Merisel typically delivers products from its regional warehouses via United Parcel Service and other common carriers, with customers in most areas in the United States receiving orders within one to two working days of shipment. Merisel also will provide overnight air handling if requested and paid for by the customer. These services allow computer resellers to minimize inventory investment and provide responsive service to their customers. For larger customers in the United States, Merisel also provides a fulfillment service so that orders are shipped directly to the computer resellers' customer, thereby reducing the need for computer resellers to maintain inventories of certain products. The Company's foreign subsidiaries may have lower fill rates and longer delivery times due to differing market requirements and the smaller size of their operations.
Financing Programs. Merisel's credit policy for qualified resellers eliminates the need to establish multiple credit relationships with a large number of manufacturers. In addition, the Company arranges floor plan and lease financing through a number of credit institutions and offers a program that permits credit card purchases by qualified customers. To allow certain resellers to purchase larger orders in the United States, the Company offers a "financing desk" which seeks to arrange alternative financing such 