short-haul operations to allow them to compete more effectively in domestic markets.
From time to time, excess aircraft capacity and other factors such as the cash needs of financially distressed carriers induce airlines to engage in "fare wars." Such factors can have a material adverse impact on the Company's revenues. The Company maintains yield and inventory management programs designed to manage the number of seats offered in various fare categories in order to enhance the effectiveness of fare promotions and maximize revenue production on each flight.
In order to improve its ability to compete effectively in the markets that it serves, United has taken several steps to reduce its costs and capital expenditures. In January 1993, United announced a cost reduction program, which included the layoff of 2,800 employees in February 1993. In 1993 United reached agreement with Boeing to convert 49 Boeing aircraft orders into options and delay delivery of certain of the Boeing aircraft. United also reached agreement with Airbus Industrie ("Airbus") to delay delivery of 14 A320s originally scheduled for delivery after 1994. In addition, United announced in 1993 that it would accelerate the retirement of 25 widebody aircraft. United also negotiated over $100 million in annual savings from suppliers. Finally, in 1993 United reached agreements to sell assets related to the operation of 16 of its flight kitchens to Dobbs International Services, Inc. and Caterair International Corp. for $119 million in a series of phased closings which are expected to be completed by mid-1994.
The Employee Investment Transaction, if consummated, contemplates the creation of a low-cost, short-haul operation within United to compete more effectively in domestic markets and improve its long-term financial competitive position.
In its international markets, United competes with major U.S. carriers as well as investor-owned and national flag carriers of foreign countries. Competition in certain in