 carried on the cost method.
FIXED ASSETS
Depreciation of furniture, fixtures and equipment is provided for over their estimated useful lives ranging from three to ten years and has been computed principally by the straight-line method. Amortization of leaseholds and leasehold improvements is provided for principally over the terms of the related leases, which are not in excess of the lives of the assets.
Grey Advertising Inc. and Consolidated Subsidiary Companies
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
A. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
Primarily all balance sheet accounts of the Company's foreign operations are translated at the exchange rate in effect at each year end and income statement accounts are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Resulting translation adjustments are made directly to a separate component of stockholders' equity. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are reported in income. During 1993, 1992 and 1991, foreign currency transaction gains and losses were not material.
INTANGIBLES
The excess ($63,965,000 in 1993 and $63,895,000 in 1992) of purchase price over underlying net equity of certain consolidated subsidiaries at the date of acquisition is being amortized by the straight-line method over periods of up to 20 years.
INCOME TAXES
Effective January 1, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes from the deferred method to the liability method required by FAS 109, Accounting for Income Taxes. As permitted under the new rules, the Company has restated its 1992 and 1991 financial statements (see Note K). The Company provides appropriate foreign withholding taxes on unremitted earnings of consolidated and nonconsolidated foreign companies.
MARKETABLE SECURITIES
Effective December 31, 1993, the Company has adopted FAS 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities. The Company has classified it