INANCIAL STATEMENTS
BALANCE SHEETS
STATEMENTS OF INCOME
NOTE 18. PARENT CORPORATION CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
LOGO
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
The Board of Directors Firstar Corporation:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Firstar Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1993. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Firstar Corporation and subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in notes 13, 14 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, Firstar Corporation adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 106, 109 and 115, respectively, in 1993.
LOGO KPMG PEAT MARWICK
Milwaukee, Wisconsin