i) the property has been held for at least one year; (ii) Trust management has no intent to dispose of the property within the next twelve months; (iii) the property is a "qualifying asset" as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; (iv) property improvements have been funded; and (v) the Trust's financial resources are such that the property can be held long-term. The subsequent classification of property previously held for sale to held for investment does not result in a restatement of previously reported revenues, expenses or net income (loss).
Real estate and depreciation. Real estate is carried at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value, except for foreclosed properties held for sale, which are recorded initially at the lower of original cost or fair value minus estimated costs of sale. Depreciation is provided for by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from 5 to 40 years.
Present value premiums/discounts. The Trust provides for present value premiums and discounts on notes receivable or payable that have interest rates that differ substantially from prevailing market rates and amortizes such premiums and discounts by the interest method over the lives of the related notes. The factors considered in determining a market rate for receivables include the borrower's credit standing, nature of the collateral and payment terms of the note.
Revenue recognition on the sale of real estate. Sales of real estate are recognized when and to the extent permitted by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 66, "Accounting for Sales of Real Estate" ("SFAS No. 66"). Until the requirements of SFAS No. 66 for full profit recognition have been met, transactions are accounted for using either the deposit, the installment, the cost recovery or the financing method, whichever is appropriate.
Investment in noncontrolled partnerships. The Trust uses the equity method to account for investments in par