an operating lease expiring in 2008 under which the Company has the option of renewing the lease for terms not exceeding nine additional years or purchasing the facility for its then fair market value. (/3/) The Company sold these subsidiaries in February 1994. (/4/) This facility is held under a short-term renewable lease. (/5/) The land and a portion of this facility are subject to a mortgage. (/6/) Part of the cogeneration facility at this mill is owned by a party with whom the Company has separate agreements expiring in 2008 to operate the facility and to purchase its output of steam and electricity on a take-or- pay basis. After such period, the Company has the option of renewing these agreements or purchasing the facility for its then fair market value.
The largest papermaking facilities of the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries) are located at Chester, Everett, Mobile, Muskegon, Skowhegan and Westbrook. The largest pulp making facilities listed above are located at Everett, Mobile, New Glasgow and Skowhegan. A substantial portion of the Company's corporate headquarters near Philadelphia and certain warehouses are held under long-term capital leases. Various Company plants contain equipment, pollution control facilities and solid waste disposal facilities which have been financed by issuance of industrial revenue bonds and are held by the Company under lease or installment purchase agreements. During 1993 the Company's rate of utilizing its papermaking capacity was approximately 92%.
The Company's consolidated North American timber resources total approximately 2.8 million acres, including approximately 2.5 million acres owned in fee and approximately 366,000 acres on which the Company has long-term cutting rights or lease or purchase rights. In the United States, such timber resources include approximately 657,000 acres in Alabama and Mississippi, 910,000 acres in Maine, and 3,800 acres in Washington. In Canada, the Company's timber resources in