 Bank Madison, N.A. also conduct international banking services consisting of foreign trade financing, issuance and confirmation of letters of credit, funds collection and foreign exchange transactions. Nonbank subsidiaries provide retail brokerage services, trust and investment management services, residential mortgage banking activities, title insurance, business insurance, consumer and credit related insurance, and corporate computer and operational services.
At December 31, 1993, Firstar and its subsidiaries employed 7,323 full-time and 2,345 part-time employees, of which approximately 926 full-time employees are represented by a union under a collective bargaining agreement that expires on August 31, 1996. Management considers its relations with its employees to be good.
COMPETITION
Banking and bank-related services is a highly competitive business. Firstar's subsidiaries compete primarily in Wisconsin and the Midwestern United States. Firstar and its subsidiaries have numerous competitors, some of which are larger and have greater financial resources. Firstar competes with other commercial banks and financial intermediaries, such as savings banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, mortgage companies, leasing companies and a variety of financial services and advisory companies located throughout the country.
SUPERVISION
Firstar's business activities as a bank holding company are regulated by the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 which imposes various requirements and restrictions on its operations. The activities of Firstar and those of its banking and nonbanking subsidiaries are limited to the business of banking and activities closely related or incidental to banking.
The business of banking is highly regulated, and there are various requirements and restrictions in the laws of the United States and the states in which the subsidiary banks operate including the requirement to maintain reserves against deposits and ad