ITEM 1. BUSINESS - ----------------- Aztar Corporation ("Aztar" or the "Company") was incorporated in Delaware in June 1989 to operate the gaming business of Ramada Inc. ("Ramada") after the restructuring of Ramada (the "Restructuring"). The Restructuring,which was approved by Ramada's board of directors in October 1988 and substantially completed December 20, 1989, involved the disposition of Ramada's hotel and restaurant businesses with Ramada's shareholders retaining their interest in the gaming business. As part of the Restructuring, the gaming business and certain other assets and liabilities of Ramada were transferred to Aztar, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of New World Hotels (U.S.A.), Inc. was merged with Ramada (the "Merger"). In the Merger, each share of Ramada common stock was converted into the right to receive $1.00 and one share of Aztar common stock. For accounting purposes Aztar is treated as the continuing accounting entity that is the successor to the historical Ramada and that has discontinued the hotel and restaurant businesses.
The Company operates in major domestic gaming markets with casino hotel facilities in Atlantic City, New Jersey, and in Las Vegas and Laughlin, Nevada. The strategy of the Company has been to develop facilities with distinctive themes that are "must-see" attractions in their respective gaming markets and provide a full entertainment experience to attract gaming patrons. The Company believes that as the gaming industry becomes increasingly competitive, casino operators that can best provide a broad entertainment experience will be most successful. The Company targets gaming customers in the high end of the middle market, with particular emphasis on slot customers.
The Company has been pursuing the development of its business in various gaming jurisdictions. An agreement was executed in September 1993 with the City of Caruthersville, Missouri, to operate a casino riverboat there, and an application was filed with the Missou