imilar increase in 1992. This growth resulted from an increase in deposits, along with the repricing of certain account charges. Another factor was the impact of the lower rate environment on business accounts, which receive a rate credit for deposit balances in lieu of cash payments. Additional service charge fees were collected as a result of lower rate credits to these accounts in both years.
Credit card service revenues are the third largest source of fee revenue totaling $53.3 million during 1993, which was a 2.8% increase over 1992. During 1992, credit card revenue declined by 5.0%. Increased competition from other card issuers and some consumer anxiety about economic conditions have reversed previous growth trends. The favorable introduction of new credit card products and growth in merchant fee activity have been encouraging trends. Firstar services 600,000 active card holders, has 32,500 merchant accounts and provides credit card programs to more than 780 financial institutions. This customer base, which covers the Upper Midwest and includes Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois, Minnesota, Upper Michigan and the Dakotas, provides a market for the sale and expansion of other financial products.
Revenue from mortgage banking activities increased substantially during 1993, up 105% to $26.8 million. This income represents mortgage servicing fees, loan origination fees and gains on loan sales into the secondary market. Historically low interest rates fueled a refinancing boom. Loan originations totaled $1.3 billion in 1993 and total loans serviced for others were $2.0 billion at the end of the year. Firstar has expanded its mortgage banking activities during the last two years through coordinated marketing efforts within Firstar's banking network.
Data processing fee income declined 11.5% in 1993 after remaining essentially level during the prior two years. A shrinking customer base due to continuing bank consolidations through mergers or acquisitions and conversions by sm