roceeds from asset sales. Toward this goal, at year-end 1993, the company had realized proceeds of $560 million from asset sales.
The company will continue to work toward the debt reduction and asset sales targets. Total debt is expected to be reduced by an additional $50 million in 1994. Planned asset sales in 1994 are expected to generate more than $200 million in after-tax proceeds.
ITEM 8

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
All other financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are not applicable, not material or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto.
REPORT ON MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITIES
TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF UNOCAL CORPORATION:
Unocal's management is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of the financial information contained in this Annual Report. The financial statements included in this report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and, where necessary, reflect the informed judgments and estimates of management.
The financial statements have been audited by the independent accounting firm of Coopers & Lybrand. Management has made available to Coopers & Lybrand all of the company's financial records and related data, minutes of the company's executive committee meetings and directors' meetings and all internal audit reports. The independent accountants conduct a review of internal accounting controls to the extent required by generally accepted auditing standards and perform such tests and procedures as they deem necessary to arrive at an opinion of the fairness of the financial statements presented herein.
Management maintains and is responsible for systems of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the company's assets are properly safeguarded, transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and the b