uffy", "Huffy Sports", "True Temper" and "Jackson"), licenses (including the license to use the NBA logo) and other proprietary rights of the companies in this segment are deemed important to the Company. The loss by the Company of its rights under any individual patent, trademark (other than "Huffy" or "True Temper"), license or other proprietary right used by this segment
would not have a material adverse effect on the Company or the segment. The loss of either the registered trademark "Huffy" or "True Temper" could have a material adverse effect on the Company and this segment. The Company has no reason to believe that anyone has rights to either the trademark "Huffy" or the trademark "True Temper" for the products in connection with which such trademarks are used.
d. SEASONALITY AND INVENTORY
Due to the relatively short lapse of time between placement of orders for products and shipments, the Company normally does not consider its backlog of orders as significant to this business segment. Because of rapid delivery requirements of their customers, the companies in this segment maintain significant quantities of inventories of finished goods to meet their customers' requirements. Sales of bicycles are seasonal in that sales tend to be higher in the spring and fall of each year. Basketball products tend to have varying degrees of seasonality, none of which are significant to the operations of the Company. Sales of lawn and garden products, cutting tools and snow tools tend to be higher in the spring and winter of each year, respectively.
e. COMPETITION AND CUSTOMERS
In the high volume retailer bicycle business, Huffy Bicycle Company has numerous competitors in the United States market, only two of which are deemed significant. Although importers in the aggregate provide significant competition, no individual importer is deemed a significant competitor. Even though competition among domestic manufacturers and importers of bicycles is intense, Huffy Bicycle Company b