 new preferred stock issue.
Capital expenditures for 1994, including the Company's equity investments in partnerships and joint ventures, are currently budgeted at approximately $500.0 million. These expenditures are primarily for completion of projects in process, operational necessities, environmental requirements, expansion projects and increased efficiency. Other expansion opportunities will continue to be evaluated.
Financing for budgeted expenditures and mandatory debt retirements in 1994 will be accomplished by the use of internally generated funds, existing credit lines and new financings.
Funding for certain proposed natural gas pipeline projects is anticipated to be provided through non-recourse project financings in which the projects' assets and contracts will be pledged as collateral. Equity participation by other entities will also be considered. To the extent required, cash for equity contributions to projects will be from general corporate funds.
On September 23, 1993, ANR Pipeline filed a shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the public offering of up to $200 million in senior unsecured debt securities which became effective October 5, 1993. In February 1994, ANR Pipeline completed an offering of $125.0 million of 7-3/8% Debentures due in 2024. The net proceeds from the sale will be used for capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
Unused lines of credit at December 31, 1993, were as follows (millions of dollars):
Credit agreements of certain subsidiaries contain covenants which limit the making of advances to affiliates and payment of dividends. Where applicable, restrictions are generally in the form of computed capacities with respect to advances and the payment of dividends. At December 31, 1993, net assets of consolidated subsidiaries amounted to approximately $5.1 billion, of which approximately $1.7 billion was restricted. These provisions have not and are not expected to have any m