 approximately 1916 to 1931. Coal tar, a by-product of the distillation process, was apparently routed to a portion of the property for disposal. Since GSU purchased the property in 1926, the same area has been filled with soil and used as a landfill for miscellaneous items including electrical poles, electrical equipment, and other debris. Under an Order by the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality (LDEQ), which is currently stayed, GSU was required to investigate and, if necessary, take remedial action at the site. The EPA has notified GSU that it is performing an independent review and ranking of the site to determine whether the site should be listed on the NPL. Another PRP has been identified and is believed to have had a role in the ownership and operation of the MGP. Negotiations with that company for joint participation and any remedial action are expected to continue. GSU currently is awaiting notification from the EPA before initiating additional cleanup negotiations or actions. While studies to determine the location of the coal tar have been conducted, the cleanup costs of the site are unknown. GSU does not presently believe that its ultimate responsibility with respect to this site will be material.
GSU has also been advised that it has been named as a PRP, along with a number of other companies (including LP&L), for an abandoned waste oil recycling plant site in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, which is included on the NPL. Although significant remediation has been completed, additional studies are expected to continue in 1994. GSU and LP&L have been named as defendants in a class action lawsuit lodged against a group of PRP's associated with the site. (For information regarding litigation in connection with the Livingston Parish site, see "Other Regulation and Litigation - GSU," below.) GSU does not presently believe that its ultimate responsibility with respect to this site will be material.
GSU received notification in 1992 from the EPA of pote