payable to Stelcam at December 31 (interest at Canadian prime rate plus 2 percent)....... -- 2,200
9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
ENVIRONMENTAL
The Company's Napa Pipe Corporation subsidiary has a reserve of $3.1 million at December 31, 1993 for environmental remediation relating to the Napa facility. The Company's estimate of this environmental reserve was based on several remedial investigations and feasibility studies performed by an independent engineering consultant. The estimated costs were based on current technologies and presently enacted laws and regulations. The reserve includes costs for remedial action and monitoring, and operations and maintenance of the remedial action taken. Corrective action is scheduled to be completed in 1997.
An environmental reserve of $36.7 million was accrued as part of the CF&I Pueblo, Colorado steel mill acquisition (see Note 11).
FORMER EMPLOYEE LAWSUITS
In 1992 the Company settled for $6.2 million certain litigation in the United States District Court of Oregon ("District Court Cases") relating to claims filed by former employee participants in the Company's ESOP and Tax Credit Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("TCESOP") in connection with claims and/or rescission of certain transactions which occurred during the period August 1985 through March 1987. This litigation involved the purchase by the Company of 1.5 million shares of its common stock which had been held by the ESOP and TCESOP. The Company also settled its claim against the primary insurance company which provided the Company's officers and directors liability insurance for the above claim for $1.2 million. As a result of these settlements, the Company recorded a $5 million charge to income in the fourth quarter of 1992. The Company's pursuit of its claim against its excess liability insurance carrier for the balance of the settlement amount and legal costs paid in connection with the District Court Cases was settled for $2.8 million and collected in the second qu