elayed settlements whose cash closings occurred in 1993 or will occur in 1994. GATC recognized charges of $3 million related to these refinancings but is now receiving the benefit of the lower interest costs.
GATC and GATX Terminals have revolving credit facilities. GATC also has a commercial paper program and uncommitted money market lines which are used to fund operating needs. In late 1992, GATC signed a new four-year credit facility. Under the covenants of the commercial paper programs and rating agency guidelines, GATC must keep unused revolver capacity at least equal to the amount of commercial paper and money market lines outstanding. At December 31, 1993, GATC and its subsidiaries had available unused committed lines of credit amounting to $188 million.
In February 1994, GATC filed a $650 million shelf registration for pass through trust certificates and debt securities, none of which have been issued. At year end, GATC had $115 million of commitments to acquire assets, $114 million of which is scheduled to fund in 1994.
Environmental Matters
Certain of GATC's operations present potential environmental risks principally through the transportation or storage of various commodities. Recognizing that some risk to the environment is intrinsic to its operations, GATC is committed to protecting the environment, as well as complying with applicable environmental protection laws and regulations. GATC, as well as its competitors, is subject to extensive regulation under federal, state and local environmental laws which have the effect of increasing the costs and liabilities associated with the conduct of its operations. In addition, GATC's foreign operations are subject to environmental regulations in effect in each respective jurisdiction.
GATC's policy is to monitor and actively address environmental concerns in a responsible manner. GATC has received notices from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) that it is a potentially responsible party (PRP) for st