m shall be determined by using the actuarial equivalence factors of the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan.
5. Vesting: A Participant shall have no vested interest in the Plan until he/she becomes eligible to receive benefits under Section 4A. In the event such eligible Participant is discharged from employment for cause or terminates employment, other than by death or retirement under the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan, any such interest which may have vested shall be discontinued and forfeited.
6. Funding: The Plan shall be unfunded. Benefits of a Participant shall be paid from the general assets of the Company employing the Participant at the time of his/her retirement and a Participant shall have no interest in any such assets under the terms of this Plan until he/she becomes a Retired Participant. An eligible Participant shall be an unsecured creditor of the Company as to the payment of any benefit under this plan.
7. Administration and Governing Law: This Plan will be administered by and under the direction of the Committee. The Committee shall adopt, and may from time to time modify or amend, such rules and guidelines consistent herewith as it may deem necessary or appropriate for carrying out the provisions and purposes of the Plan, which, upon their adoption and so long as in effect, shall be deemed a part hereof to the same extent as if set forth in the Plan (hereinafter referred to as the "Rules and Guidelines"). Any interpretation and construction by the Committee of any provision of, and the determination of any question arising under, the Plan or the Rules and Guidelines shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon the Participant, his/her surviving spouse and all other persons. The provisions of the Plan shall be construed, administered, and enforced according to and governed by the laws of the United States and the State of New York.
8. Entire Agreement: This Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract between any Company and any em