ITEM 1. BUSINESS
(a) General Development of Business. The Charles Schwab Corporation (CSC) is a holding company engaged, through its subsidiaries, in brokerage and related investment services. CSC's principal operating subsidiary, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (Schwab), serves an estimated 44% of the discount brokerage market as measured by commission revenue. Another subsidiary, Mayer & Schweitzer, Inc. (M&S), a market maker in Nasdaq securities, provides trade execution services to institutional clients and broker-dealers. During 1993, customer orders handled by M&S totaled over 4 billion shares, or over 6% of the total shares traded on Nasdaq. As used herein, the "Company" refers to CSC and subsidiaries.
Schwab was incorporated in California in 1971 and adopted the name Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. after Mr. Charles R. Schwab became its owner and President. In 1974, Schwab participated in the Securities and Exchange Commission's (SEC) pilot program to permit discounts on securities commissions. In 1975, when fixed commission rates were abolished, Schwab focused its strategy on providing financial services to investors who wish to conduct their own research and make their own investment decisions and who do not wish to pay, through brokerage commissions, for research or portfolio management. Schwab grew significantly through January 1983 when, to ensure the availability of sufficient capital for continued expansion, Schwab merged with an affiliate of BankAmerica Corporation (BAC).
CSC was incorporated in November 1986 for the purpose of acquiring Schwab from BAC. In March 1987, Schwab was acquired from BAC in a management-led leveraged buyout. In September 1987, the Company raised $123 million in its initial public offering, using the offering proceeds to expand its business and repay debt issued in the leveraged buyout.
Since becoming a publicly-owned entity, the Company has continued to experience significant growth in revenues, customer assets and number of accounts