any on March 11, 1994. The Company continues to pursue litigation against two insurers that were not parties to said settlement and against the transportation companies.
Letters of Intent with Foreign Customers - During the second and third quarters of 1993, a subsidiary of the Company signed two separate letters of intent to supply separate customers, one in the former Soviet Union and one in Poland, with equipment to manufacture environmental control products. Upon completion, the agreements are expected to include the sale of licenses, designs, tooling, machinery, equipment, technical information, proprietary know how, and technical services. The total sales price for the two contracts is expected to be approximately $98 million. The agreements are also expected to include a provision that, in lieu of cash, the Company will accept payment in kind of anhydrous ammonia from the foreign customers at the foreign customers' option. The projects are subject to completion of two separate definitive agreements between each of the foreign customers and the Company's subsidiary. There are no assurances that definitive contracts with either of these two customers will be finalized. See "Business - Environmental Control Business".
Availability of Company's Loss Carryovers - The Company anticipates that its cash flow in future years will benefit to some extent from its ability to use net operating loss ("NOL") carryovers from prior periods to reduce the federal income tax payments which it would otherwise be required to make with
respect to income generated in such future years. As of December 31, 1993, the Company, excluding amounts applicable to Equity Bank, had available NOL carryovers of approximately $37 million, based on its federal income tax returns as filed with the Internal Revenue Service for taxable years through 1992, and on the Company's estimates for 1993. These NOL carryovers will expire beginning in the year 1999.
The amount of these carryovers has not been a