d on the National Priorities List. Being placed in the System will generally be the first step in the EPA's determination as to
whether a site will be placed on the National Priorities List. After the EPA completes its site inspection and evaluates other information, the EPA will then assess the Site using the Hazard Ranking System to ascertain whether the Site poses a sufficient risk to human health or the environment to be proposed for the National Priorities List. There are approximately 1,200 sites in the United States presently listed on the National Priorities List. The Company has been advised that there have occurred certain releases of contaminants at the Site. However, the Company does not believe that such releases should warrant the Site being placed on the National Priorities List, but there are no assurances to that effect. The Company is in the process of studying the Site in an attempt to determine the extent of such releases at the Site and when such releases may have occurred. In addition, as a result of certain releases of contaminants at the Site, EDC may be subject to assessment of certain civil penalties. The Company has not yet received from the appropriate governmental agency of the State of Arkansas a determination as to the appropriate plan of remediation of the Site and what contaminants, if any, must be remediated. The Company is unable to estimate the cost of such remediation until the Company receives an acceptable plan from such agency. The Company believes that it will receive such plan from the State of Arkansas in the near future, and at that time the Company will be able to estimate the cost of such remediation at the Site. While there are no assurances, based on information presently available to the Company, the Company does not believe, as of the date of this report, that the Site being placed in the System or the response to any contamination at the Site or the assessment of penalties, if any, due to release of certain contamin