Item 1. Business.
Consumers Water Company (Consumers or the Company) is a holding and management company whose principal business is the ownership and operation of water utility subsidiaries. Consumers owns directly or indirectly at least 90% of the voting stock of 11 water companies (the Consumers Water Subsidiaries) which operate 28 separate systems providing water service to approximately 218,000 customers in six states. It also owns 100% of C/P Utility Services (C/P), a provider of technical services to utilities and other enterprises. C/P, headquartered in Hamden, Connecticut, provides services in the areas of meter services, contract operations, mechanical engineering services, corrosion engineering services, environmental engineering services and water conservation to the utility industry and certain industrial clients primarily in the northeastern United States. Consumers also owns Burlington Homes of New England (Burlington), a manufactured housing company located in Oxford, Maine, that formerly sold manufactured housing through developers and an independent dealer network throughout New England and eastern New York. On October 6, 1993, The Company announced its decision to discontinue the operations of Burlington, to offer the Company for sale and to concentrate its efforts on its water resource management business. To date, efforts to sell Burlington have been unsuccessful. The plant has been closed and Burlington has begun the liquidation of its assets.
Consumers was incorporated under the laws of Maine in 1926. The address of its executive offices is Three Canal Plaza, Portland, Maine 04101, and the Company's telephone number is (207) 773-6438.
The Company had at December 31, 1993, subsidiaries as noted on Exhibit 22 attached hereto, the accounts of which are included in the consolidated financial statements in this report.
Consumers Water Subsidiaries
The Consumers Water Subsidiaries operate 28 primary systems in six states for the collection, treatmen