ilarly, if actual commodity costs are lower than those reflected in rates, rates will be adjusted downward to refund to core market customers 80 percent of such gas commodity cost savings.
In Washington, the Company is permitted to track increases and decreases in its cost of purchased gas coincidental with their incurrence, with the result that net income is not directly affected by changes in purchased gas costs.
In April 1992, the FERC issued Order No. 636 and subsequently largely affirmed that order on rehearing in Order Nos. 636-A and 636-B. These orders required significant changes in the structure of service provided by interstate pipelines and required such pipelines to restructure or "unbundle" their services and eliminate their role as gas merchants. In October 1992, NPC, the primary interstate pipeline serving the Company, made a filing with the FERC to comply with Order No. 636 and filed a general rate case seeking FERC approval to increase its rates. The impact of these filings, as approved by the FERC, was an increase in the Company's annual cost of interstate pipeline service of approximately $16.5 million effective April 1, 1993. NPC's rate increase also included the cost of its $432 million "Phase I Expansion" completed in April 1993, under which the Company subscribed to 500,000 therms per day of new firm capacity, and reflected a change in NPC's rate design to the FERC-mandated "straight fixed-variable" method, which collects all fixed costs through monthly demand charges.
In April 1993, the Company filed with the OPUC for rate increases averaging 6.2 percent in its residential, commercial and industrial firm schedules to offset the Company's higher costs for interstate pipeline capacity approved by the FERC for NPC. The OPUC approved these rate increases effective May 1, 1993. Effective June 1, 1993, the WUTC approved rate increases averaging 6.7 percent for the Company's Washington customers to offset the same cost increases.
In August 1993, the