growth would cause it to fall below its fully phased-in capital requirements, even if the Company continued to exceed the applicable minimum capital standards previously established for the duration of the FIRREA phase-in period. This OTS position regarding the effect of RB 3a-1 further decreased the prospective earnings that Northeast had expected to realize from its Connecticut and Massachusetts franchise rights. Another significant factor included the implementation of the final rule issued by the OTS which permits federal savings associations to branch interstate to the full extent permitted by federal statute and which greatly increased opportunities for out-of-state institutions to enter these states. Thus, the Company again hired Kaplan Associates, Inc. to perform an independent valuation of the Association's franchise rights in Connecticut and Massachusetts. This study was completed during the quarter ended September 30, 1992 and supported the value of the Company's remaining supervisory goodwill at September 30, 1992. The reduction in supervisory goodwill had no effect on Northeast Savings' fully phased-in regulatory tangible, core, or risk-based capital.
The following summarizes transactions relating to the supervisory goodwill.
During the year ended March 31, 1992, the Association acquired a total of $404.6 million in deposits from the RTC. All of the acquired deposits were in institutions which had been placed into receivership by the RTC.
Financial of Hartford
On June 19, 1991, Northeast Savings assumed the deposits of Financial of Hartford, F.S.B. from the RTC. Northeast Savings assumed $10.5 million in deposits and accrued interest and received $7.9 million in cash, $2.6 million in securities, and $70,000 in passbook secured loans. Northeast Savings closed the branch and now services the deposits through the eight branches in the Hartford area.
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED)
ComFed Savings Bank
On S