on incentives. Related to crew-consist changes, separate agreements were reached concerning the buyout of certain productivity funds (payments to train service employees whenever a train operates with a reduced crew). The labor portion of the special charge amounted to $450 million and represented the estimated costs of achieving the productivity gains provided by these new agreements.
Goodwill - -------- In 1985, NS acquired all the common stock of NAVL for $369 million. The transaction was accounted for as a purchase and included $211 million representing cost in excess of net assets acquired (goodwill). The price NS paid for NAVL was based on an evaluation of its earning power. Generally, earnings since acquisition were much lower than anticipated. In 1991, NS evaluated the carrying value of its investment in NAVL and concluded that the goodwill portion of its investment was not recoverable primarily because of reduced profit margins resulting from intense competition in the motor carrier industry. As a result of this determination, NS recorded a $187 million noncash charge against 1991 earnings (with no related tax benefit) representing the unamortized balance of its investment in NAVL's goodwill. See also Note 3 regarding NAVL's restructuring in 1993.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
15. Special Charge in 1991 and Subsequent Partial Reversal in 1993 (continued)
Property - -------- The property portion of the special charge, which amounted to $43 million, was for marginally productive railroad property and motor carrier equipment assets that were scheduled for sale or abandonment.
Special Charge Reversal - ----------------------- Based on NS' success in eliminating reserve board positions in 1992 and 1993, and on events occurring in the third quarter of 1993, the accrual included in the 1991 special charge related to labor was reduced by $46 million and was reflected as a credit in compensation and benefits