stricted access to the Audit Committee.
The Company maintains high standards in selecting, training and developing personnel to help ensure that management's objectives of maintaining strong, effective internal controls and unbiased, uniform reporting standards are attained. We believe it is essential for the Company to conduct its business affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards as expressed in The Stride Rite Corporation's Code of Ethics.
Robert C. Siegel J. Patrick Spainhour John M. Kelliher, Chairman of the Board Executive Vice President, Vice President, Finance of Directors and Finance and Operations Treasurer and Controller Chief Executive Officer
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Stockholders and Directors The Stride Rite Corporation:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Stride Rite Corporation as of December 3, 1993 and November 27, 1992, and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and changes in stockholders' equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 3, 1993. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial po