 and Bridgeline and Pontchartrain, intrastate pipelines. NOPSI has a firm gas purchase contract with United and receives this service subject to FERC- approved rates pursuant to a certificate granted by FERC. NOPSI also has firm contracts with its two intrastate suppliers and also makes interruptible spot market purchases when economically attractive. In recent years, natural gas deliveries have been subject primarily to weather-related curtailments. However, NOPSI has experienced no such curtailments.
In April 1992, FERC issued Order No. 636, which mandated interstate pipeline restructuring. The order requires interstate pipelines to cease selling gas to local distribution customers at the city-gate interconnection although transportation service can be provided in lieu of the former sale. As a result, in the future, NOPSI must substitute sources upstream of the United system for its current gas supply from United. NOPSI is considering purchases from independent intrastate or interstate supply aggregators and/or from intrastate pipeline sources in a manner consistent with its economic and supply reliability objectives.
Prior to the effectiveness of Order No. 636, discussed above, in the event of a natural gas shortage on the United system, NOPSI would have received a portion of the available gas supply from United and its other suppliers. After Order No. 636 mandated restructuring (October 31, 1993), curtailments of supply could occur if NOPSI's suppliers failed to perform their obligations to deliver gas under their supply agreements with NOPSI. United could curtail transportation capacity only in the event of pipeline system constraints. Based on the current supply of natural gas, and absent extreme weather related curtailments, NOPSI does not anticipate that there will be any interruptions in natural gas deliveries to its customers.
GSU purchases natural gas for resale from a single interstate supplier. Abandonment of service by the present supplier would be sub