ncial Data (Unaudited) to
(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. The Company has included the following schedules in this report:
Pages ---------------- II - Amounts Receivable from Employees
III - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant to
VIII - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
X - Supplementary Statement of Operations Information
The Company has omitted all other schedules because the conditions requiring their filing do not exist or because the required information appears in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, including the notes to those statements.
(a)(3) Exhibits. The Company has filed the following exhibits with this report:
2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of February 9, 1994, between Fourth Financial Corporation, the Company and Prime Financial Corporation ("Stock Purchase Agreement"), which the Company hereby incorporates by reference from Exhibit A to the Company's Proxy Statement, dated March 22, 1994 and filed with the Commission on March 23, 1994. A copy of the schedules and exhibits to the Stock Purchase Agreement will be furnished supplementally to the Commission upon request.
3.1. Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and the Certificate of Designation dated February 17, 1989, which the Company hereby incorporates by reference from Exhibit 3.01 to the Company's Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 1989.
3.2. Bylaws, as amended, which the Company hereby incorporates by reference from Exhibit 3.02 to the Company's form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 1990.
4.1. Loan Agreement and Accounts Receivable Security Agreement, Security Agreement, General Security Agreement, Guarantee and Waivers, Letter of Credit Purchase Guarantee Supplement, Pledge and Security Agreement, Trademark and Patent Security Agreement and Subordination Agreement, dated March 29, 1984, among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, and Congress Financial Corporation ("Congress"), which the Company hereby incorporates by reference 