other matters -- Electric utility regulation."
All rate schedules of HECO and its subsidiaries contain an energy cost adjustment clause to reflect changes in the price paid for fuel oil and certain components of purchased power, and the relative amounts of company-generated and purchased power. Under current law and practices, specific and separate PUC approval is not required for each rate change pursuant to automatic rate adjustment clauses previously approved by the PUC. Rate increases, other than pursuant to such automatic adjustment clauses, require the prior approval of the PUC after public and contested case hearings. PURPA requires the PUC to periodically review the energy cost adjustment clauses of electric and gas utilities in the state, and such clauses, as well as the rates charged by the utilities generally, are subject to change.
The PUC has broad discretion in its regulation of the rates charged by the Company's utility subsidiaries. Any adverse decision by the PUC concerning the level or method of determining electric utility rates, the authorized returns on equity or other matters or any delay in rendering a decision in a rate proceeding could have a material adverse effect on consolidated HECO's and the Company's financial condition and results of operations. Upon a showing of probable entitlement, the PUC is required to issue an interim decision in a rate case within 10 months from the date of filing a complete application if the evidentiary hearing is completed -- subject to extension for 30 days if the evidentiary hearing is not completed. However, there is no time limit for rendering a final decision.
HECO
Rate increase. On July 29, 1991, HECO applied to the PUC for permission to increase electric rates on the island of Oahu in 1992. The rates requested would have provided approximately $138 million in annual revenues, or approximately 26.4% over HECO's then existing rates, based on January 1, 1992 fuel oil and purchased energy prices. The requ