 $51.0 re: CBS/MTM Partnership (note 2).
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Statement of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of presentation. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been excluded from the consolidated financial statements. All notes relate to continuing operations unless otherwise indicated.
Revenue recognition. The Company's practice is to record revenues from services when performed.
Income taxes. The Company provides deferred income taxes for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the Company's assets and liabilities.
Cash equivalents and marketable securities. The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less, including accrued interest thereon, to be cash equivalents. Marketable securities include U.S. Treasury notes, money market instruments, tax-exempt securities and corporate securities. The Company also enters into agreements to sell and repurchase certain of these securities. Due to the agreements to repurchase, the sales of these securities are not recorded. Instead, the liabilities to repurchase securities sold under these agreements are reported as current liabilities and the investments acquired with the funds received are included in cash equivalents and/or short-term marketable securities.
Marketable securities managed for long-term yield and not required for working capital are classified as long-term investments and are carried at cost. At December 31, 1993, these long-term investments included $94.0 million in a trust fund to implement the Company's agreement with the New York City Industrial Development Agency. (Under this agreement, the Company is required to invest in production facilities and develop new broadcasting and production technologies in New York City in return for certain tax incentives a