ndards, see Note 1 to the Financial Statements.
In 1993, CG&E and its subsidiaries adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" (SFAS No. 106). Union Light is a participating company under CG&E's health care and life insurance benefit plans. SFAS No. 106 requires the accrual of the expected cost of providing postretirement benefits other than pensions to an employee and the employee's covered dependents during the employee's active working career. SFAS No. 106 also requires the recognition of the actuarially determined total postretirement benefit obligation earned by existing retirees. Currently, SFAS No. 106
health care costs are being expensed. The adoption of SFAS No. 106 did not have a material effect on results on operations.
Also in 1993, Union Light adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" (SFAS No. 109). SFAS No. 109 requires deferred tax recognition for all temporary differences in accordance with the liability method, requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be adjusted for enacted changes in tax laws or rates and prohibits net-of-tax accounting and reporting. Union Light believes it is probable that any net future increase or decrease in income taxes payable will be reflected in future rates. In accordance with SFAS No. 109, Union Light has recorded a net regulatory liability at December 31, 1993. Adoption of SFAS No. 109 had no impact on results of operations.
In 1993, CG&E and its subsidiaries adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits" (SFAS No. 112). SFAS No. 112 requires the accrual of the cost of certain postemployment benefits provided to former or inactive employees. The adoption of SFAS No. 112 did not have a material effect on results of operations.
Over the past several years, the rate of inflation has been relatively low. Union Li