se price. On nonowner-occupied residential properties, the loan-to-value ratio may not exceed 80% of the lower of the appraised value or purchase price.
Construction and development lending. ASB provides both fixed and adjustable rate loans for the construction of one-to-four residential unit and commercial properties. Construction and development financing generally involves a higher degree of credit risk than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate. Accordingly, all construction and development loans are priced higher than loans secured by completed structures. ASB's underwriting, monitoring and disbursement practices with respect to construction and development financing are designed to ensure sufficient funds are available to complete construction projects. As of December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991, construction and development loans represented 1.5%, 2.2% and 2.1%, respectively, of ASB's gross loan portfolio. See "Loan portfolio risk elements."
Multi-family residential and commercial real estate lending. Permanent loans secured by multi-family properties (generally apartment buildings), as well as commercial and industrial properties (including office buildings, shopping centers and warehouses), are originated by ASB for its own portfolio as well as for participation with other lenders. In 1993, 1992 and 1991, loans on these types of properties accounted for approximately 6.0%, 8.2% and 7.5%, respectively, of ASB's total mortgage loan originations. The objective of commercial real estate lending is to diversify ASB's loan portfolio to include sound, income-producing properties.
Consumer lending. ASB offers a variety of secured and unsecured consumer loans. Loans secured by deposits are limited to 90% of the available account balance. ASB also offers VISA cards, automobile loans, general purpose consumer loans, second mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, checking account overdraft protection and unsecured lines of credit. In 1993, 1992 and 199