cessary to transfer ownership of the Policy to the Employer. Such Transfer shall constitute satisfaction of any obligation the Employee has to the Employer with respect to this Agreement. The Employer shall then pay to the Employee the amount, if any, by which the cash surrender value of the Policy exceeds the amount necessary to satisfy the Collateral Assignment.
H. Employee's Right to Assign His/Her Interest The Employee shall have the right to transfer his/her entire interest in the Policy (other than rights assigned to the Employer pursuant to this Agreement and subject to the obligations of any outstanding Collateral Assignment). If the Employee makes such a transfer, all his/her rights shall be vested in the Transferee and the Employee shall have no further interest in the Policy and Agreement. Any assignee shall be subject to all obligations of the Employee under both Parts I and II of this Agreement.
I. Insurer's Obligations The Insurer is not party to this Agreement. It is understood by the parties hereto that in issuing such Policy of insurance, the Insurer shall have no liability except as set forth in the Policy and except as set forth in any assignment of the Policy filed at its Home Office and in Section J of this Agreement. Except as set forth in Section J, the Insurer shall not be bound to inquire into, or take notice of, any of the covenants herein contained as to the Policy of insurance or as to application of proceeds of such Policy. Upon the death of the Insured and payment of the proceeds in accordance with Section J of this Agreement, the insurer shall be discharged of all liability.
J. Claims Procedure The following claims procedure shall apply to the Policy and the Executive Life Insurance Program:
1. Filing of a claim for benefits. The Employee or the beneficiary of the Policy shall make a claim for the benefits provided under the Policy in the manner provided in the Policy. 2. Claim denial. With respect to a claim for benefits under said Po