perations.
In April, 1989, a subsidiary, International Environmental Corporation ("IEC") was named as a third party defendant in a lawsuit brought by Economy Mechanical Industries of Illinois, Inc. ("Economy"), in an action pending in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, in connection with a project in Chicago, Illinois. Economy had purchased fan coil units for the project from IEC and the units were built in accordance with Economy's specifications. This litigation initially resulted from disputes between the owner of the project and the general contractor, and in connection therewith, the owner withheld payment from the general contractor. The general contractor and a number of subcontractors (including Economy) filed mechanics liens against the property. The general contractor filed this action to foreclose on its lien and the owner has asserted numerous claims against the general contractor and certain subcontractors (including Economy) in the total amount of $20,610,599. One of the counterclaims made by the owner relates to the fan coil system manufactured by IEC. As a result Economy brought a third party action against IEC alleging that if the fan coil system is defective, such was the responsibility of IEC and in breach of IEC's implied and express warranties. IEC has denied that the fan coils are defective and contends that any failures, if any, were caused by improper installation or other causes beyond IEC's control. IEC has filed fourth party complaints against certain of its suppliers. Discovery in this proceeding is ongoing. The Company does not believe this matter will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company due to the probable receipt of insurance proceeds in the event of an adverse outcome.
Item 4.
Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS - ------------------------------------------------------------
Not applicable.
Item 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY - -------