oactive adjustments under reimbursement agreements with third-party payors. Retroactive adjustments are accrued on an estimated basis in the period the related services are rendered and adjusted in the period as final settlements are determined.
Charity Care -- The Company provides care to indigent patients who meet certain criteria under its charity care policy without charge or at amounts less than its established rates. Because the Company does not pursue collection of amounts determined to qualify as charity care, they are not reported as revenue. The Company maintains records to identify and monitor the level of charity care it provides. These records include the amount of charges foregone for services and supplies furnished under its charity care policy. Charges at the Company's established rates forgone for charity care provided by the Company amounted to $3,220,000 during the year ended October 31, 1993 and $1,597,000 during the period May 30, 1992 to October 31, 1992. Hampton Hospital is required by its Certificate of Need to incur not less than 10% of total patient days as free care.
Health Insurance Coverage -- The Company is self-insured for the health insurance coverage offered to its employees. The provision for estimated self-insured health insurance costs includes management's estimates of the ultimate costs for both reported claims and claims incurred but not reported.
Supplies -- Supplies consist principally of medical supplies and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market.
Property and Equipment -- Property and equipment are stated at fair value as of May 29, 1992, the date of the acquisition of HGA by Cooper. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, which range from 20 to 40 years for buildings and improvements, and 5 to 10 years for equipment, furniture and fixtures.
Other Assets -- Loan fees incurred in obtaining long-term financing are deferred a