 is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and depends, among other factors, on earnings, capital requirements and the operating and financial condition of the Company.
There are no dividend restrictions which materially limit the Company's current ability to pay dividends.
Page 12 of 27
ITEM 6.
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
Page 13 of 54
Page 14 of 54
ITEM 7.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Management's discussion and analysis reviews the Company's operating results for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, and its financial condition at December 31, 1993. The focus of this review is on the underlying business reasons for significant changes and trends affecting our sales, net earnings, and financial condition. This review should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and the Five-Year Summary of Financial Data.
OVERVIEW
1993 was a year in which the pump industry as a whole continued to be impacted by weak economic conditions and increased competitive pricing pressures. Goulds Pumps' 1993 sales were slightly below 1992 levels, and earnings for the year of $1.12 from continuing operations were 8.2% lower than last year's $1.22 from continuing operations, exclusive of 1992 restructuring charges ($.19 per share) and 7.7% above last year's $1.04 in earnings before the cumulative effect of the accounting changes. The decrease from 1992's $1.22 earnings level is attributable to a consolidated gross margin decline of nearly three percentage points caused by stiff price competition in key markets and lower fourth quarter sales at EPD due to the implementation of CATS II, a new systems-driven manufacturing process. These declines were partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative costs resulting from cost control measures and favorability in the translation of