 trade names; and those trade names are recognized as important to this Segment's business.
The Company believes it has established a reputation as an innovator and pioneer in track and recessed lighting technology and is one of the nation's leading manufacturers of fluorescent and high-intensity discharge ("HID") commercial and industrial products, as well as signal and security equipment. The Company's commercial and industrial product line can be applied to virtually any application, using a variety of lamp sources, and is designed for efficiency as well as energy savings. The Company's outdoor lighting products are known for their high performance in efficiency, glare control, and uniformity of illumination. Products are manufactured and sold in the U.S. and Canada under the Day-Brite/Benjamin, Gardco, Capri, Electro/Connect, McPhilben, Omega, Emco, Lumec, and Thomas Lighting trade names.
The Lighting Segment accounted for 66 percent of the Company's sales in 1993, compared to 68 percent in 1992 and 69 percent in 1991.
Compressors and Vacuum Pumps Segment
This Segment includes air compressors and vacuum pumps manufactured under the Thomas name for use in the finished products of other domestic or foreign manufacturers. Its products also are manufactured for private-label sale in the construction compressor
ITEM 1. (Continued)
industry. Thomas specializes in compressor applications below 1.5 horsepower. Such compressors and vacuum pumps are found in medical equipment, vending machines, photocopiers, computer tape drives, automotive and transportation equipment, liquid dispensing applications, gasoline vapor recovery, and waste disposal equipment. Thomas is the major compressor and vacuum pump participant in the medical OEM industry worldwide. The Company offers a wide selection of branded standard air compressors and vacuum pumps and will modify or design its products to meet exacting OEM applications.
In addition, the Company manufactures and sells compressors a