ITEM 1. Business.
Registrant ("Grey") and its subsidiaries (collectively with Grey, the "Company") have been engaged in the planning, creation, supervision and placing of advertising since the Company's formation in 1917. Grey was incorporated in New York in 1925 and changed its state of incorporation to Delaware in 1974.
The Company's principal business activity consists of providing a full range of advertising services to its clients. Typically, this involves developing an advertising and/or marketing plan after study of a client's business, the distribution or utilization of the client's products or services and the use of various media (e.g., television, radio, newspapers, magazines, direct mail, outdoor billboards) by which desired market performance can best be achieved. The Company then creates advertising, prepares media recommendations and places advertising in the media. The Company's business also involves it in allied areas such as marketing consultation, audio-visual production, cooperative advertising programs, direct marketing, research, product publicity, public relations and sales promotion.
The Company is not engaged in more than one industry segment, and no separate class of similar services contributed 10% or more of the Company's gross income or net income during 1993, 1992 or 1991.
The Company serves a diversified client roster in the apparel, automobile, beverage, chemical, community service, computer, corporate, electrical appliance, entertainment, food product, home furnishing, houseware, office product, packaged goods, publishing, restaurant, retailing, toy and travel sectors.
Advertising is a highly competitive business in which agencies of all sizes strive to attract new clients or additional assignments from existing clients. Competition for new business, however, is restricted from time to time because large agencies (such as the Company) often are precluded from providing advertising services for products or services that may be viewed