wer System Retirement Plan excluding any increases in this benefit which become effective after the Participant has retired do not exceed sixty percent (60%) of his/her Average Compensation, less 2% per year for each year the Participant retires prior to his/her 60th birthday. C. Form and Time of Payment - A benefit payable under this Plan shall be paid in such form as the Participant shall elect from those available, and at the same time as the retirement benefit payable to the Retired Participant, under the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan. If the Benefit payable under this Plan is paid other than as a life annuity, the amount of the benefit when paid in such other form shall be determined by using the actuarial equivalence factors of the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan.
5. Vesting: A Participant shall have no vested interest in the Plan until he/she becomes eligible to receive benefits under Section 4A. In the event such eligible Participant is discharged from employment for cause or terminates employment, other than by death or retirement under the Allegheny Power System Retirement Plan, any such interest which may have vested shall be discontinued and forfeited.
6. Funding: The Plan shall be unfunded. Benefits of a Participant shall be paid from the general assets of the Company employing the Participant at the time of his/her retirement and a Participant shall have no interest in any such assets under the terms of this Plan until he/she becomes a Retired Participant. An eligible Participant shall be an unsecured creditor of the Company as to the payment of any benefit under this plan.
7. Administration and Governing Law: This Plan will be administered by and under the direction of the Committee. The Committee shall adopt, and may from time to time modify or amend, such rules and guidelines consistent herewith as it may deem necessary or appropriate for carrying out the provisions and purposes of the Plan, which, upon their adoption and so long as 