tenance expenses that it had requested, and a return on equity (ROE) of 11.5%.
West Penn filed a petition on January 12, 1994 with the PUC requesting authorization to accrue post in-service carrying charges on the Harrison scrubbers and to defer related depreciation and operating and maintenance expenses until they are recognized in rates. West Penn cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.
West Penn plans to file an application with the PUC on or about March 31, 1994, for a base rate increase to recover the remaining carrying charges on investment, depreciation and all operating costs required to comply with Phase I of the CAAA, and other increasing levels of expense. It is expected that the new rates will become effective on or about December 31, 1994. West Penn cannot predict the precise amount to be requested or the outcome of this proceeding.
On February 20, 1992, the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania affirmed the PUC's December 13, 1990, decision relating to West Penn's challenge to the PUC's methodology for calculation of ROE. Three industrial customers also appealed to the Commonwealth Court that part of the PUC order which failed to allocate capacity costs of PURPA projects on a demand basis in West Penn's Energy Cost Rate. On June 25, 1992, the Commonwealth Court reversed the PUC's decision on this issue and remanded the case to the PUC for further proceedings. West Penn and other parties have negotiated a settlement on capacity costs of PURPA projects and other demand-related costs in West Penn's Energy Cost Rate, which settlement does not affect West Penn's revenues. The settlement agreement was approved by the PUC and was implemented in 1993.
- 20 -
Monongahela
On January 18, 1994, Monongahela filed an application with the West Virginia Public Service Commission (West Virginia PSC) for a base rate increase designed to produce $61.3 million in additional annual revenues which includes recovery of the remaining carrying charges on investment, deprec