#4 and Dam #5 will expire in 2003. Potomac Edison has received 30 year licenses, effective January 1994, for the Shenandoah, Warren, Luray and Newport projects.
(f) Nonutility generating capacity available through contractual arrangements pursuant to PURPA.
- 10 -
SYSTEM MAP
The Allegheny Power System Map (System Map), which has been omitted, provides a broad illustration of the names and approximate locations of the System's major generation and transmission facilities, both existing and under construction, in a five state region which includes portions of Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia, Maryland and Virginia. Additionally, Extra High Voltage substations are displayed. By use of shading, the System Map also provides a general representation of the service areas of Monongahela (portions of West Virginia and Ohio), Potomac Edison (portions of Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia), and West Penn (portions of Pennsylvania).
Power Stations shown on the System Map which appear within the Monongahela service area are Willow Island, Pleasants, Harrison, Rivesville, Albright, and Fort Martin. The single Power Station appearing within the Potomac Edison service area is R. Paul Smith. The Bath County Power Station appears on the map just south of the westernmost portion of Potomac Edison's service area formed by the borders of Virginia and West Virginia. Power Stations appearing within the West Penn service area are Armstrong, Mitchell, Hatfield's Ferry, Springdale and Lake Lynn.
The System Map also depicts transmission facilities which are (i) owned solely by the Operating Subsidiaries; (ii) owned by the Operating Subsidiaries in conjunction with other utilities; or (iii) owned solely by other utilities. The transmission facilities portrayed range in capacity from 138kV to 765kV. Additionally, interconnections with other utilities are displayed.
- 11 -
The following table sets forth the existing miles of tower and pole transmission and distribution lines and the number of