ssions on expanded interconnection. The Kansas Corporation Commission (KCC) presently does not authorize intrastate collocation.
The Telephone Company faces increasing competition in its intraLATA toll markets, primarily from interexchange carriers and resellers. IntraLATA toll competition currently exists in various forms in Arkansas, Missouri and Texas. In Kansas, certain types of intraLATA toll competition went into effect in November 1993. And in Oklahoma, the OCC is currently considering an Administrative Law Judge's recommendation to allow certain types of intraLATA toll competition.
In the future, it is likely that additional competitors will emerge in the telecommunications industry. Cable television companies and electric utilities have expressed an interest in providing telecommunications services. Interexchange carriers have also expressed interest in providing local service, either directly or through alternative wireless networks, and one carrier has publicly announced its intent to provide local service in certain markets, some of which may be in the Telephone Company's five-state area. During 1993, several RHCs announced mergers, acquisitions, or investments in domestic cable companies, subject to court and regulatory approval. As a result of these mergers and acquisitions, the Corporation may face competition from entities offering both cable and telephone services over their transport mediums in the Telephone Company's operating territory.
In September 1993, the FCC adopted an order allocating radio spectrum and outlining development of licenses for new personal communications services (PCS). PCS utilizes wireless telecommunications technology, using different radio spectrum than cellular, and, like cellular, is designed to permit access to a variety of communications services regardless of subscriber location. Under an auction process scheduled to begin in May 1994, up to seven new licenses could be awarded in each of 51 geographic areas. Licenses 