roperties include numerous properties that have produced oil and gas for many years and that have been owned by Santa Fe for only a relatively short time. Although, to Santa Fe's knowledge, the operators have utilized operating and disposal practices that were standard in the industry at the time, hydrocarbons or other solid wastes may have been disposed or released on or under the Royalty Properties by the current or previous operator. State and Federal laws applicable to oil and gas wastes and properties have become increasingly more stringent. Under these new laws, Santa Fe or an operator of the Royalty Properties could be required to remove or remediate previously disposed wastes or property contamination (including groundwater contamination) or to perform remedial plugging operations to prevent future contamination.
The operators of the Royalty Properties may generate wastes that are subject to the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and comparable state statutes. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has limited the disposal options for certain hazardous wastes and is considering the adoption of more stringent disposal standards for nonhazardous wastes. Furthermore, it is anticipated that additional wastes (which could include certain wastes generated by oil and gas operations) will be designated as 'hazardous wastes', which are subject to more rigorous and costly disposal requirements.
SUPERFUND. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA), also known as the 'superfund' law, imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons that contributed to the release of a 'hazardous substance' into the environment. These persons include the owner and operator of a site and companies that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substance found at a site. CERCLA also authorizes the EPA and, in some cases, third parties to take actions in respo