cial hardship requirements or upon termination of employment.
(b) APS has no paid employees. These executives are employees of APSC.
(c) See Executive Officers of the Registrants for other positions held.
(d) The total estimated annual benefits on retirement payable to Mr. Bergman for services in all capacities to APS, APSC and the Subsidiaries is set forth in the table for APS.
Compensation of Directors
In 1993, APS directors who were not officers or employees of System companies received for all services to System companies (a) $16,000 in retainer fees, (b) $800 for each committee meeting attended, except Executive Committee meetings which are $200, and (c) $250 for each Board meeting of each company attended. Under an unfunded deferred compensation plan, a director may elect to defer receipt of all or part of his or her director's fees for succeeding calendar years to be payable with accumulated interest when the director ceases to be such, in equal annual installments, or, upon authorization by the Board of Directors, in a lump sum.
- 55 -
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
For APS and the Subsidiaries, none.
PART IV
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
(a)(1)(2) The financial statements and financial statement schedules filed as part of this Report are set forth under ITEM 8. and reference is made to the index on page 42.
(b) APS filed a report on Form 8-K on November 5, 1993 concerning the two-for-one stock split. No other reports on Form 8-K were filed by System companies during the quarter ended December 31, 1993.
(c) Exhibits for APS, Monongahela, Potomac Edison, West Penn, and AGC are listed in the Exhibit Index beginning on page E-1 and are incorporated herein by reference.
Graphics Appendix
Page
System Map . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
- 56 -
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this