 available.
The Company anticipates that it will be able to meet its future cash needs through internal cash generation and external financings as it has in the past and possibly through alternative financing procedures.
Environmental Matters and Other Contingencies In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various contingencies and uncertainties relating to its operations and construction programs, including cost recovery in the regulatory process, laws, regulations and uncertainties related to environmental matters, and legal actions. Contingencies and uncertainties related to the CAAA are discussed above and under Note J to the financial statements.
All of the state jurisdictions in which the Company operates have enacted hazardous and solid waste management legislation. While the Company does not have significant hazardous waste concerns, solid wastes, such as fly ash and other coal by-products generated from power stations, must be disposed in accordance with the state requirements. The Company is incurring various costs, which are recoverable in rates, to comply with these and other environmental matters. The level of future expenditures for environmental matters is impossible to determine with any degree of certainty. It is management's opinion that the ultimate costs will not have a material effect on the financial position of the Company.
As of January 1994, the Company has been named as a defendant along with multiple other defendants in 1,429 pending asbestos cases involving multiple plaintiffs and the Company and its affiliates have been named as defendants along with multiple defendants in an additional 626 cases by multiple plaintiffs. Because these cases are filed by "shotgun" complaints naming many plaintiffs and many defendants, it is presently impossible to determine the actual number of claims against the Company and its affiliates. However, based on past experience and data available to date, it is estimated that less than 600 c