 and leased Core Properties increased to 26% in 1992 from 24% in 1991. Direct expenses as a percentage of revenues for food and beverage increased to 82% in 1992 from 80% in 1991. The increases were attributable to payroll and other fixed expenses which increased at inflation rates while revenues remained relatively stable.
PMI derived management fees from the hotel properties it manages based on a fixed percentage of gross revenues and charges for services rendered. Under certain agreements, PMI was also eligible to receive performance-related incentive payments. PMI managed 24 of its 30 owned and leased Core Properties and managed 48 hotel properties for third parties as part of its core business. Management fees increased by $2.2 million in 1992, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to the increased level of services billed to third party owners.
Interest income was derived primarily from PMI's portfolio of mortgage notes and other notes receivable. Certain of the notes held by PMI were received as part of the consideration for the sale of hotel properties, for services rendered or in connection with the development of hotel properties. PMI generally obtained contracts to manage the hotel properties securing the mortgages and notes and guaranteed that certain hotel properties would generate specific levels of cash flows which would enable the owners and investors to meet various obligations, including interest on the mortgage notes receivable. Other notes arose from loans to developers and operators of hotel properties and from transactions related to PMI's discontinued franchise operations. As a result of the oversupply of hotels and the slowdown of the economy, certain of the properties securing the notes experienced decreased operating cash flows and have been unable to pay some or all of the interest and principal due on the notes. Most of PMI's obligations to the owners and investors under financial guarantees were terminated as a result of PMI's ban