ithout recourse which totaled $1.3 billion at December 31, 1993.
Major consumer business units within the Finance and Banking segment are described below.
Household Finance Corporation
Household Finance Corporation, the Company's principal business, traces its origins to a loan office established in 1878. HFC offers a variety of secured and unsecured lending products to middle-income customers through a network of 432 branch lending offices throughout the United States. This business is conducted primarily through state-licensed companies.
Home equity loans, and to a lesser extent, unsecured credit products have been HFC's primary focuses over the last several years as these products are preferred by consumers due to the flexible nature of the credit relationship, where the timing and amount of borrowing can be tailored to the borrower's particular circumstances. These products also are advantageous to HFC due to lower relative administrative costs and typically have variable rate terms which move with market rates of interest. Home equity loans and unsecured consumer credit products in the HFC domestic network represented approximately 30 percent of total Finance and Banking managed receivables at December 31, 1993. Home equity loans, representing approximately
27 percent of total Finance and Banking managed receivables at December 31, 1993, have lower chargeoff rates than the unsecured credit products.
In 1992, HFC launched a new portfolio acquisition business focusing on open-end and closed-end home equity loan products. In 1993, HFC acquired approximately 3,800 new accounts aggregating $430 million in such receivables. In addition, in 1993 HFC acquired the right to service without recourse approximately 1.1 million accounts aggregating approximately $2.0 billion in unsecured loans. The Company believes that the portfolio acquisition business provides an additional source for developing new customer relationships.
Household Retail Services
Household Retail Servic