 denying the plaintiffs' motion for class certification based in part on the inadequacy of the individual plaintiffs representing the proposed class. Further, the Court granted the defendants' motion for sanctions and ordered that plaintiffs' counsel pay the defendants' attorneys fees incurred with the class certification motion. The defendants have filed a petition for reimbursement of their fees and costs from plaintiffs' counsel, which remains pending.
A motion filed by the plaintiffs is currently pending seeking to dismiss the defendants' counterclaim for fraud. In July 1993, the Court gave the plaintiffs leave to retain new counsel. In September 1993, the plaintiffs retained new counsel and filed a new amended complaint and motion for class certification which named three new class representatives. The defendants have conducted discovery with respect to the new representatives and, on February 16, 1994, filed a response to the plaintiffs' latest motion for class certification. The motion is expected to be briefed by March 30, 1994.
The defendants intend to continue vigorously contesting this action. As of this time, no plaintiff class has been certified. Management of each of the defendants believes they have meritorious defenses to contest the claims.
(b) Northgate Apartments and Gatewood Apartments
Hall Elktree Associates Limited Partnership, a Texas limited partnership ("Hall"), which is the borrower of the loans collateralized by wrap-around mortgages on the Northgate and Gatewood apartment complexes, Albuquerque, New Mexico, previously commenced proceedings under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, District of New Mexico, Case No. 11-92-11964 RA (In re Hall Elktree Associates Limited Partnership). These proceedings had stayed foreclosure proceedings relating to the properties filed by the Registrant (Balcor Pension Investors-VI vs. Hall Elktree Associates, Second Judicial District Court, Bernalillo County, New Mexico, Case 