re subject to substantially lower levels of regulation.
A multi-step procedure must be completed before a new contact lens can be sold commercially. Data must be compiled on the chemistry and toxicology of the lens, its microbiological profile and the proposed manufacturing process. All data generated must be submitted to the FDA in support of an application for an Investigational Device Exemption. Once granted, clinical trials may be initiated
subject to the review and approval of an Institutional Review Board and, where a lens is determined to be a significant risk device, the FDA. Upon completion of clinical trials, a Premarket Approval Application must be submitted and approved by the FDA before commercialization may begin.
The ophthalmic pharmaceutical products under development by the Company require extensive testing before marketing approval may be obtained. Preclinical laboratory studies are conducted to determine the safety and efficacy of a new drug. The results of these studies are submitted to the FDA in an Investigational New Drug Application under which the Company seeks clearance to commence human clinical trials. The initial clinical evaluation, Phase I, consists of administering the drug and evaluating its safety and tolerance levels. Phase II involves studies to evaluate the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication, to determine optimal dosage and to identify possible side effects. If the new drug is found to be potentially effective, Phase III studies, which consist of additional testing for safety and efficacy with an expanded patient group, are undertaken. If results of the studies demonstrate safety and efficacy, marketing approval is sought from the FDA by means of filing a New Drug Application.
The Company, in connection with some of its new surgical products, can submit premarket notification to the FDA under an expedited procedure known as a 510(k) application, which is available for any product that is substantially equivalen