xpense over the twelve year life expectancy of the participants.
In November 1992, the FASB issued SFAS 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits." SFAS 112 establishes accounting standards for employers who provide benefits to former or inactive employees after employment but before retirement (postemployment benefits). Postemployment benefits are all types of benefits provided to former or inactive employees, their beneficiaries, and covered dependents. Those benefits include, but are not limited to, salary continuation, supplemental unemployment benefits, severance benefits, disability-related benefits (including worker's compensation), job training and counseling, and continuation of benefits such as health care benefits and life insurance coverage.
SFAS 112 requires employers to recognize the obligation to provide postemployment benefits in accordance with SFAS 43, "Accounting for Compensated Absences," if the obligation is attributable to employees' services already rendered, employees' rights to those benefits accumulate or vest, payment of the benefits is probable, and the amount of the benefits can be reasonably estimated. If those four conditions are not met, the employer should account for postemployment benefits when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated in accordance with SFAS 5, "Accounting for Contingencies." If an obligation for postemployment benefits is not accrued in accordance with SFAS 5 or 43 only because the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, the financial statements shall disclose that fact.
SFAS 112 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993. Generally, the Association does not provide benefits to its former or inactive employees after employment but before retirement. Therefore, SFAS 112 is expected to have minimal impact on the Company.
At the urging of the auditing profession, the Securities and Exchange Commission, bank regulators, and some prep