10% per annum) owed on the Notes. This agreement was pursued as a more favorable alternative to the remedies included in the previously existing joint venture agreement for situations in which the partners advance unequal funds to the venture. As a result of this transaction, the Partnership changed from the equity method of accounting to the consolidated method of accounting for the joint venture effective January 1, 1992, resulting in a net increase in the Partnership's balance sheet of approximately $12.1 million at that date. Certain of the Partnership's property within the Cullasaja Community is encumbered by a mortgage note with an outstanding balance of approximately $5.4 million at December 31, 1993. The note has a maturity date of March 1, 1994 and bears interest at prime (6% at December 31, 1993) plus 1.25% per annum, payable monthly. The Partnership is currently seeking an extension of this loan. However, there can be no assurance that the Partnership can obtain an extension. The Partnership is required to make repayments on the note in accordance with a homesite lot release provision of $72,750 per lot at closing. The note is collateralized by a first mortgage on certain real estate inventories and 12.5% of the outstanding balance is guaranteed by the Partnership.
The Coto de Caza joint venture had utilized the maximum amount available under its operating line of credit and had been seeking alternative financing sources to fund the significant additional cash necessary to continue development of the project and to fund other joint venture operating costs. In the interim, the Partnership and its joint venture partner had each advanced approximately $3.1 million, net of reimbursements, to the joint venture during 1991 and an additional $1.0 million during the first five months of 1992. Given the weak market conditions in Orange County, California and the continued lack of development financing available from traditional lending sources, it was unlikely tha