s, in incentive shares or other form of stock equivalents as may be determined, valued at a price of $4.00 per share unit. On the other hand, if the annual overall objectives of the marketing program were not met by Mr. Weiner in any given year, he was responsible for either repaying to the Company an amount equal to five percent of the operating losses of the Company for the preceding year or subject to a fifty percent reduction in salary until an amount equal to five percent of the operating loss had been recovered by the Company. In the event, however, that Mr. Weiner was precluded from meeting the annual overall objectives due to strikes, unforeseen governmental action or intervention, war, hurricane striking employer's communities or other similar acts of God, or the failure of the Company to fund or otherwise fulfill its obligations under the marketing program, then no such repayment or salary adjustment would be required. Additionally, the maximum amount of salary repayment or adjustment was limited to $50,000 per year (pro-rated to $39,584 for the Company's 1993 fiscal year, based upon the salary payments made to Mr. Weiner during 1993). In conjunction with Mr. Weiner's employment and his agreement, Mr. Weiner was awarded an option to purchase 20,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock under the provisions of the 1987 Stock Incentive Plan described below. See "Compensation Committee Report." In the event that Mr. Weiner earned the bonus provided for in his agreement with respect to the Company's 1994 fiscal year, it was anticipated that any net bonus payable would first be applied by the Company to exercise the shares in respect of which Mr. Weiner was granted said option. Mr. Weiner's agreement further provided that if his employment were terminated without cause (defined as gross misconduct or the failure to achieve certain specific objectives set forth in his agreement), he would be entitled to receive a lump-sum payment upon termination equal to the sal