ITEM 1. BUSINESS
GENERAL
Convex Computer Corporation ("Convex" or the "Company") designs, manufactures, markets and services a family of high performance computers for engineering, scientific and technical users. The Company's current product family ranges from metacomputing, consisting of specialized hardware integrated with advanced software, to a single-processor scalar/vector machine to a multiprocessor parallel supercomputer, and ranges in price from under $300,000 to more than $8 million. Convex shipped its first production system in March 1985, and most recently introduced its third generation of supercomputers in May 1991. In addition, the Company has announced that it is currently developing a fourth generation product as well as a scalable parallel product that it plans to introduce in 1994. The Company has installed 1290 systems at 643 industrial and research customers in 48 countries. Convex Computer Corporation was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 8, 1982.
MARKETS and CUSTOMERS
The growing need for computer-aided simulation techniques in the development of new products, combined with the improved price/performance relationships available in scientific and engineering computer systems, has contributed to the growth of the technical computing market. Within that market, Convex focuses on the following segments:
Discrete Manufacturing encompasses the use of computers in the process of designing and manufacturing products or structures. This market includes mechanical engineering applications. The availability of third-party software packages is especially important to end-users in this market segment. Key software programs which address this market and which run on Convex computers include Nastran and Ansys, two of the major structural analysis packages. Convex customers in this market include Ford Motor Company, Mercedes Benz AG, and Gulfstream Aerospace. Approximately 26% of the Convex installed base as of December 31, 19