ny or any of its savings institution subsidiaries to acquire an institution or operate branches in another state following a supervisory acquisition. The second exemption relates to grandfathered branching rights and the third exemption relates to specific approvals under the law of the state in which the acquired institution or branches are located. Additionally, OTS regulations allow a federal savings institution to establish, in any state in which the institution has its home or branch office, agency offices which only service and originate (but do not approve) loans and contracts, manage or sell real estate owned by the institution or engage in such other activities (other than accepting payments on savings accounts or approving loans) as may be approved by the OTS.
St. Paul Federal's market area is experiencing increased competition from the acquisition of local financial institutions by out-of-state commercial banks. In addition, recent changes in Illinois branch banking laws may make Illinois savings institutions more attractive acquisition candidates for out-of-state commercial banks.
Usury Limitations.
Federal legislation has permanently pre-empted all state interest ceilings applicable to residential first mortgage loans unless the state legislature acted to override the pre-emption by April 1, 1983. The Illinois State Legislature did not act to override the federal pre-emption. At present, Illinois law imposes no ceiling on interest rates for residential real estate loans, including junior mortgage loans. Additionally, federal law permits federally insured savings institutions to charge the highest rate permitted to lenders in Illinois. The Illinois State Legislature has allowed state banks to charge any interest rate on any type of loan, and thus, there are effectively no ceilings on the interest rates which a federal savings bank may charge on a loan in Illinois.
Other states in which St. Paul Federal acquires loans through its correspondent lending pro