 owner of a combined cycle cogeneration plant at Coastal's Eagle Point, New Jersey refinery. The plant has a permitted nameplate rating of approximately 260 megawatts and currently operates at approximately 225 megawatts. Power from the plant is sold to a local utility and Coastal's refinery under long-term contracts. Steam from the plant is also sold to the refinery under long-term contract. Gas supply and transmission is provided to the cogeneration plant by other Coastal affiliates. CTI is the operator of the cogeneration plant.
Coastal Power and an affiliate own a gas-fired cogeneration facility in Fulton, New York with an approximate 47 megawatt capacity. Electricity from this project is sold under a long-term contract to a New York utility. Steam is sold to a neighboring plant owned by a major candy manufacturer. Approximately half of the gas supply requirements for the cogeneration plant are supplied by an affiliate of Coastal Power. CTI is the plant operator.
Coastal, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, has a 10.9% equity interest in the Midland Cogeneration Venture Limited Partnership, the largest gas-fired cogeneration plant in the United States. Coastal subsidiaries supply and transport a portion of the gas to this facility.
TRUCKING OPERATIONS
ANR Freight System, Inc. ("ANR Freight") is a regional common and contract carrier by motor vehicle, conducting operations in both interstate and intrastate commerce.
During 1993, ANR Freight transported approximately 1.4 million tons of freight, consisting of both truckload shipments (10,000 pounds or more) and less than truckload (LTL) shipments (less than 10,000 pounds) versus
1.3 million tons in 1992. LTL shipments comprised approximately 42% of total tonnage hauled by ANR Freight and generated approximately 82% of its operating revenues. As of December 31, 1993, ANR Freight operated 40 terminals and almost 4,000 trucks, tractors and trailers.
Regulatory actions by the Interstate Commerce Commission ("ICC") allo