luate the nature and quality of the allegations made in any litigations or investigations involving Messrs. Phillips and Friedman in order to assess whether Messrs. Phillips and Friedman should continue to act as trustees or directors of each entity and to assess whether BCM should continue to serve as advisor to each entity; and (v) the court retained jurisdiction to enforce the terms of its order and to issue subsequent orders if circumstances so dictate.
A status conference was held in December 1992 to determine whether the bimonthly reports to the Special Master by the committees' independent
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
NOTE 15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)
counsel and the Special Master's periodic reports to the court should be continued, or whether other appropriate relief should be ordered. The court held an evidentiary hearing on these matters in February and April 1993 concerning allegations by the plaintiffs that the terms of the settlement had been breached by the Trust, CMET, IORT and TCI. No determination on the matters has been made by the court pending the outcome of ongoing settlement discussions.
Other litigation. The Trust is also involved in various lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. The Trust's management is of the opinion that the outcome of these lawsuits would have no material impact on the Trust's financial condition.
NOTE 16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
In January 1994, the Trust obtained first mortgage financing secured by the Bay West Apartments in the amount of $5.1 million. The Trust received net cash of $1.0 million after the payoff of $3.9 million in existing debt. The remainder of the financing proceeds were used to fund escrows for replacements and repairs and to pay closing costs associated with the financing.
In March 1994, the Trust obtained first mortgage financing secured by the Carlyle Towers Apartments in the amount of $4.5 million. The Trust received