oup of NCNB Texas National Bank. Mr. Warner graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1981 with a degree in Finance and received a Masters of Business Administration from the same institution in 1984.
MARC A. SIMPSON, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Simpson was hired as the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company and the Trust on March 7, 1994. From November 1989 through March 4, 1994, Mr. Simpson was a Manager in the Financial Advisory Services Group of Coopers & Lybrand. Prior to that time, he served as Controller of Pacific Realty Corp., a real estate development company. Mr. Simpson graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration from Midwestern State University in 1978, and received a Masters of Business Administration from Southern Methodist University in 1990.
The Trust Managers have two committees, the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. Messrs. Bricker and Jenkins are the sole members of each committee. Both the Audit and Compensation Committees include only members independent of management who are free from any relationship that, in the opinion of the Trust Managers, would interfere with the exercise of their independent judgment. The Audit Committee appoints the independent public accountants for the Trust subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the Annual Meeting and consults with the accountants on the Trust's audited financial statements and on the efficacy of the Trust's internal control systems. The Compensation Committee establishes guidelines for compensation and benefits of the executive officers of the Trust based upon achievement of objectives and other factors, including review of compensation to executive officers of comparable entities.
ITEM 11.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
In fiscal 1993, the Trust paid each of the Trust Managers a fee of $15,000 per year for services as a Trust Manager plus $1,000 for each meeting of the