.1 million in marketing costs due to less television advertising. The other reduction was also $1.1 million and it occurred in the provision for doubtful accounts. This reduction is a benefit associated with the mix in revenue toward more slot revenue and less table games revenue. With regard to staffing, we operated in 1993 at about the same level as in 1992. However, our payroll and related taxes and benefits went up about 4% in 1993 compared to 1992 primarily from a 9% increase in taxes and benefits.
As we look to 1994, we continue to be optimistic about Tropicana's prospects. With the opening of the approximate 2,500-room Luxor resort in October 1993 and the approximate 5,000-room MGM Grand resort in December 1993 on corners of the Las Vegas Strip and Tropicana Avenue adjacent to our corner, "The New Four Corners" of Las Vegas has become a reality. During the first quarter of 1994, we plan to complete the colorful Caribbean Village motif enhancement to Tropicana's facade that faces these two corners. Customer access to Tropicana will be facilitated by an elevated
pedestrian crosswalk system under construction by the State of Nevada. This pedestrian bridge system, with elevators and escalators set back from all four corners, will make pedestrian traffic faster, safer and more convenient. Upon completion of this project, we plan to construct a connecting bridge into the Tropicana casino in order to facilitate access from the MGM Grand resort. We believe that most visitors to Las Vegas will go to one or more casinos besides the one where they are staying. Since we believe this has been true of our customers all along, we welcome the opportunity of having other casino customers so close to our facility, especially those customers that are in the high end of the middle market, which we believe to be the market targeted by these two new resorts.
TROPWORLD TropWorld Casino and Entertainment Resort in Atlantic City, New Jersey, had a difficult year in 1993 with the cont