he current calendar year plus 50% of its capital surplus ("Surplus" being the amount of capital over its fully phased-in capital requirement). Any additional capital distributions would require prior regulatory approval. A Tier 2 institution may, after prior notice, but without the approval of the OTS, make capital distributions of between 50% and 75% of its net income over the most recent four-quarter period (less any dividends previously paid during such four- quarter period) depending on how close the institution is to its fully phased- in risk-based capital requirement. A Tier 3 Institution would not be authorized to make any capital distributions without the prior approval of the OTS. Notwithstanding the provision described above, the OTS also reserves the right to object to the payment of a dividend on safety and soundness grounds. In August and December, 1993, BankAtlantic declared cash dividends of $0.06 per share (totaling $0.12 per share), payable September 1993 and January 1994, respectively, to its common stockholders. A 15% common stock dividend was declared in May, 1993. BankAtlantic expects to continue dividend payments on its non-cumulative preferred stock. In March 1994, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $.06 per share payable in April 1994 to its common stockholders. On April 16, 1991, BankAtlantic voluntarily entered into a Supervisory Agreement ("Agreement") with the OTS. The Agreement required BankAtlantic to implement additional policies and reporting procedures relating to the internal operations of BankAtlantic within specified time frames, and to particularly address concerns relating to classified assets, general valuation allowances and the policies, procedures, information reporting and guidelines in the consumer loan department. Furthermore, BankAtlantic has agreed it will not increase the level of its consumer loans above its April 16 1991 level of consumer loans until such time as BankAtlantic's new consumer lending po