ational Group
Sales of Air Conditioning Products' International Group, which accounted for approximately 21% of Air Conditioning Products' 1993 sales, increased 7% from those of 1992 (10% excluding the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange). Most of the gain was from higher volume in the Far East (especially Hong Kong, Taiwan, and export sales from the U.S.) resulting from expanded markets and increased penetration; higher export sales from the U.S. to the Middle East (markets were significantly stronger) and Latin America (improved penetration in a market that was up 20%); and higher volumes in Mexico. These gains were partly offset by lower sales in Europe (lower prices and volumes in a declining market). Markets were down in all European countries except the U.K., but the effect was partly offset by increased revenues from service companies acquired in 1992 and prior years. Market growth in the Far East was 6% overall, led by the PRC market, which was up by 21%. The sales growth in Hong Kong was driven by the very strong market in the PRC. Markets in Thailand also grew, and the Latin American market grew by 20%.
Operating income for the International Group increased by approximately 39% in 1993. The increase was primarily the result of higher export sales from the U.S. to the Middle East and Far East, offset partly by a larger operating loss in Europe primarily because of the weak markets and lower margins, costs related to restructuring in response to the lower markets, and the unfavorable effects of lower volume on factory performance. Overall, income from the Far East and Latin America was essentially unchanged from the prior year, as volume gains were offset by increased costs related to expansion of distribution channels and joint ventures and development of new and improved products to support present and future growth.
Environmental Matters
For a discussion of environmental matters see "Business -- Regulations and Environmental Matters."
Backlog
The world