5 individuals and entities, including BankAtlantic. The named plaintiffs purport to also represent other unnamed plaintiffs that may have obtained loans from dealers who subsequently sold such loans to BankAtlantic. Plaintiffs base their claims on various grounds and seek, among other things, rescission of the loan agreements, damages, punitive damages, costs, attorney fees, penalties under the truth in lending act and treble damages under RICO. The plaintiffs' Motion to Certify the Class was made in November, 1993. The court has not yet ruled on this motion.
Asset and Liability Management
During the past several years, BankAtlantic's operating objectives have included actions to increase its regulatory capital and to reduce its negative interest rate sensitivity gap. However, activities in furtherance of these various objectives sometimes involve conflicting short term strategies. In general, BankAtlantic has attempted to achieve these objectives through the replacement of fixed rate, long term securities with floating rate mortgage- backed securities or intermediate term fixed rate, balloon mortgage-backed securities, restructuring deposit liabilities by reducing interest rate sensitive certificates of deposit as a percent of total liabilities and focusing on transaction accounts, and changing the emphasis of loan originations. See "Sale of Mortgage-Backed Securities, Investment Securities and Loans." Included in these replacement securities are tax certificates, adjustable rate mortgage-backed securities, five- and seven-year balloon mortgage-backed securities amounting to approximately $83.9 million, $92.9 million and $350.3 million, respectively, at December 31, 1993. BankAtlantic has been attempting to change the composition of its loan portfolio from predominately long term, fixed rate mortgage loans by currently emphasizing the origination of floating rate commercial business and commercial real estate loans, which generally achieve a two to three year durat