gramming and feature films to broadcast and other media (including cable, airlines and home video, in the latter case through The CBS/Fox Company) and the acquisition of broadcast and non- broadcast rights in independently produced programs where permitted by law.
The CBS Affiliate Relations Division is responsible for the full range of ongoing activities and mutual concerns between the CBS Television Network and the 206 independently owned affiliated stations.
The CBS News Division operates a worldwide news organization which produces regularly scheduled news and public affairs broadcasts and special reports for the CBS Television and Radio Networks. This division also produces certain news- _______________ * Except as the context otherwise requires, references to CBS in this Annual Report mean CBS Inc. and include its subsidiaries.
- 2 - oriented programming for broadcast in the early morning daypart and in designated hours during prime time.
The CBS Sports Division produces and otherwise acquires sports programs for distribution by the CBS Television Network for broadcast.
The CBS Television Stations Division operates and serves as sales representative for the seven CBS owned television stations (serving New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Minneapolis-St. Paul (which includes two satellite stations), Green Bay-Appleton (which includes a satellite station) and Miami). The division also owns and operates Midwest Sports Channel, a supplier of regional sports programming to cable subscribers in Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, northern Iowa and western Wisconsin, and Teleport Minnesota, which provides programming and technical services to cable operators in the upper Midwest and operates a service enabling broadcast companies and other clients to transmit video signals into and out of Minnesota.
The CBS Radio Division operates the eight CBS owned AM radio stations (serving New York, Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Minneapolis- St. Paul, S