arket share from 10% to 11%. Kronos has implemented a cost reduction and control program which favorably impacted Kronos' operating results, and Kronos has continued its environmental improvement efforts. In October 1993, the Company formed a manufacturing joint
- 21 - venture with Tioxide and refinanced certain debt which, among other things, increased the Company's liquidity, reduced its aggregate debt level and extended its debt maturities. See also "Liquidity and Capital Resources".
The manufacturing joint venture, which is equally owned by subsidiaries of Kronos and Tioxide, owns and operates the chloride process TiO2 plant in Lake Charles, Louisiana formerly owned by Kronos. Under the terms of the joint venture and related agreements, Kronos contributed the plant to the joint venture, Tioxide paid an aggregate of approximately $205 million, including its tranche of the joint venture debt, and Kronos and certain subsidiaries exchanged proprietary chloride process and product technologies with Tioxide and certain of its affiliates. Of the total consideration paid by Tioxide, $30 million was attributable to the exchange of technologies and is being reported as a component of operating income ratably over three years from October 1993. Production from the plant is being shared equally by Kronos and Tioxide pursuant to separate offtake agreements. The formation of the joint venture resulted in a 12% decrease in Kronos' total TiO2 production capacity; however, Kronos' remaining capacity is about 10% higher than Kronos' 1993 sales volume.
Rheox's operating results have been relatively consistent during the past three years. Changes in currency exchange rates had a negative effect in 1993 and a positive effect in 1992 compared to the respective prior year, and operating costs generally increased during both years.
The Company has substantial operations and assets located outside the United States. Foreign operations are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations a