oma. In addition, the Company operates interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline systems, markets natural gas to end users and markets and sells natural gas for natural gas vehicles. The Company also holds investments in real estate.
Several of the Company's business activities are subject to regulation by federal, state or local authorities where the Company operates. Thus, the Company's financial condition and results of operations have been dependent upon the receipt of adequate and timely adjustments in rates. In addition, the Company's business is affected by seasonal weather impacts, competitive factors within the energy industry and economic development and residential growth in its service areas.
The Company's revenues and earnings are primarily dependent upon gas sales volumes and gas service rates. Gas purchase costs generally do not affect the Company's earnings because such costs are passed through to customers pursuant to purchase gas adjustment clauses. Accordingly, while changes in the cost of gas may cause the Company's operating revenues to fluctuate, operating margin (defined as operating revenues less gas purchase costs) is generally not affected by gas purchase cost increases or decreases.
Gas sales volumes fluctuate as a function of seasonal weather impact and the size of the Company's customer base, which is affected by competitive factors in the industry as well as economic development and residential growth in its service areas. The primary factors that affect the distribution and sale of natural gas are the seasonal nature of gas use, adequate and timely rate relief from regulatory authorities, competition from alternative fuels, competition within the gas business for industrial customers and volatility in the supply and price of natural gas. Gas service rates, which consist of a monthly fixed charge and a gas usage charge, are established by regulatory authorities and are intended to permit utilities to recover operating, administrati