 Property, dated July 23, 1993, between Bedford Property Investors, Inc. and MGI Properties, incorporated by reference to the Trust's 1994 8-K.
(p) Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Property, dated as of October 21, 1993, between New York Life Insurance Company, MGI Properties and Sherburne, Powers & Needham, P.C., as escrow agent, incorporated by reference to the Trust's 1994 8-K.
(q) Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of October 1, 1993, between The Boston Finance Company and MGI Properties, incorporated by reference to the Trust's 1994 8-K.
(r) Real Estate Sale Contract, dated as of November 1993, between The Prudential Insurance Company of America and MGI Properties, incorporated by reference to the Trust's 1994 8-K.
11 Computation of Net Income Per Share, Assuming Full Dilution, included under Item 14 of this Report.
24 Auditors' consent to the incorporation by reference in the Trust's Registration Statements on Form S-8 of the independent auditor's report included herein.
* On file at Securities and Exchange Commission as indicated.
(b) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K:
No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended November 30, 1993. -------------------------
MGI Properties (the "Trust") is a Massachusetts business trust and all persons dealing with the Trust must look solely to the property of the Trust for the enforcement of any claims against the Trust. Neither the Trustees, officers, agents nor shareholders of the Trust assume any personal liability in connection with its business or assume any personal liability for obligations entered into in its behalf.
POWER OF ATTORNEY -----------------
MGI Properties and each of the undersigned do hereby appoint W. Pearce Coues and Phillip C. Vitali and each of them severally, its or his true and lawful attorneys to execute on behalf of MGI Properties and the undersigned any and all amendments to this Report and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection