f expenses actually incurred by him in connection with the Proxy Contest and negotiation of the settlement agreement.
In 1992 the Company reached an agreement involving the settlement of Guenther v. Cooper Life Sciences, et. al., a class and shareholder derivative action filed against CLS, the Company, Cooper Development Company, a Delaware corporation ('CDC'), Parker G. Montgomery, A. Kenneth Nilsson, Charles Crocker, Robert W. Jamplis, Barbara Foster as executrix of the Estate of Hugh K. Foster, Michael Mitzmacher, Joseph A. Dornig, Martin M. Koffel, Richard W. Turner, John Vuko, Randolph Stockwell, Hambrecht & Quist, Incorporated, Peat Marwick Main & Co., Gryphon Associates, L.P. and The Gryphon Management Group, Ltd. in June 1988 in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota and transferred in December 1988 to the District Court for the Northern District of California. As amended, the action alleged various securities law violations and shareholder derivative claims in connection with the public disclosures by, and management of, CLS from 1985 to 1988. The Company formerly shared certain officers and directors with CLS and is alleged to have controlled CLS. The settlement resolved all claims asserted against the Company and its former officers and directors. On April 30, 1993, the court approved the settlement after notice to the plaintiff class and a court hearing. In accordance with the settlement, the case has been dismissed as to the Company and all other defendants. The settlement provided for a payment by Optics Cayman Islands Insurance Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company (which provided directors' and officers' liability insurance to some of the above-named individuals), in the amount of $2,200,000 on behalf of the directors and officers of CLS, as well as a payment of $1,800,000 by the Company. The settlement amount was fully reserved in the books of the Company at July 31, 1992 and paid into escrow by October 31, 1992.
NOTE 8. PREFERRE