es regularly during the Term.
b. Stride Rite shall also reimburse Phelan for such reasonable and necessary business expenses as he may incur in fulfillment of this Agreement at his cost, dollar for dollar, in accordance with Stride Rite's corporate expense policy. Phelan shall be
entitled to reimbursement for travel to and from Stride Rite's offices and Phelan's office, including mileage and hotel or a furnished rental apartment in the Cambridge area.
3. Term. ----
a. The parties hereto agree that the term of this Agreement shall commence upon June 28, 1993 and shall continue for a guaranteed minimum period of Ten (10) weeks (the "Term"), or longer if the parties so agree.
b. In the event of a material breach of this Agreement, the non- defaulting party shall provide written notice specifying the material breach and intent to terminate the contract to the other. If the material breach is not cured within ten (10) days of receipt of notice, then the non-defaulting party may terminate this Agreement upon issuance of written notice to the other party. All notices shall be sent by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested and shall be effective upon receipt or, if refused or undeliverable, upon five (5) business days from the date of deposit with the U.S. Postal Service. Notice to Phelan shall be addressed to him at 29 Royalcrest Drive, Andover, Massachusetts 01845; any notice to Stride Rite shall be addressed to The Stride Rite Corporation, Five Cambridge Center, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142, Attention: General Counsel, Legal Department. Either party may change the notice address on 30 days prior written notice to the other party.
4. Assignment. ----------
Phelan acknowledges that his services are unique and personal and that, accordingly, this Agreement, and his duties and responsibilities hereunder, are not assignable.
5. Relationship of the Parties. ---------------------------
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to place the parties in the relationshi