------------------------------- Notional Carrying SFAS 107 Amount Amount (1) Value ---------- ---------- ---------- Interest Rate Swap Agreements: In a net payable position. . . $50,000,000 $1,018,902 $1,306,410 In a net payable position. . . 25,000,000 240,838 1,229,232
(1) The amounts shown under "carrying amount" represent interest expense accruals arising from these unrecognized financial instruments.
(14) PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT
Pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement (and subject to Section 4.2 which allocates Profits, as defined, to the General Partner and Associate Limited Partners), profits or losses of the Partnership will be allocated as follows: (i) profits will be allocated such that the General Partner and the Associate Limited Partners will be allocated profits equal to the amount of cash flow distributed to them for such fiscal period with the remainder allocated to the Limited Partners, except that in all events, the General Partner shall be allocated at least 1% of profits and (ii) losses will be allocated 1% to the General Partner, 1% to the Associate Limited Partners and 98% to the Limited Partners.
In the event profits to be allocated in any given year do not equal or exceed cash distributed to the General Partner and the Associate Limited Partners for such year, the allocation of profits will be as follows: The General Partner and the Associate Limited Partners will be allocated profits equal to the amount of cash flow distributed to them for such year. The Limited Partners will be allocated losses such that the sum of amounts allocated to the General Partner, Associate Limited Partners, and Limited Partners equals the profit for the given year.
Section 4.2F of the Partnership Agreement requires the allocation of Profits (as defined) to the General Partner and Associate Limited Partners in order to take account of a current or anticipated reduction in the Partnership's indebtedness and certain other circumstances. In accordance with Se