g herein contained shall relieve any Partner of such Partner's obligation to pay any liability or indebtedness owing to the Partnership by such Partner.
12. Notices; Amendment.
A. Any notice which a Partner is required or may desire to give any other Partner shall be in writing, and may be given by personal delivery or by mailing the same by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt required, to the Partner to whom such notice is directed at the address of such Partner as hereinabove set forth, subject to the right of a Partner to designate a different address for itself by notice similarly given. Any notice so given by United States mail shall be deemed to have been given on the second day after the same is deposited in the United States mail as registered or certified mail, addressed as above provided, with postage thereon fully prepaid. Any such notice not given by registered or certified mail as aforesaid shall be deemed to be given upon receipt of the same by the party to whom the same is to be given.
B. This Agreement may be amended by written agreement of amendment executed by all the Partners, but not otherwise.
13. New General Partner. All of the Partners may agree in writing from time to time to admit to the Partnership one or more new General Partners. The General Partner may, on behalf of all Partners, cause Exhibit B hereto and the Partnership's Certificate of Limited Partnership to be appropriately amended and cause the same to be recorded in the event of each such appointment. No such addition or substitution of a new General Partner shall work a dissolution of the Partnership or otherwise affect the continuity of the Partnership.
14. Miscellaneous. Each Partner hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have to maintain any action for partition of any of the Partnership Property. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties. This Agreement supersedes any prior agreement or understanding between th