r West Virginia and Ohio only the recovery of the previously authorized pay-as-you-go component. The Operating Subsidiaries have recorded regulatory assets relating to those regulatory jurisdictions where full recovery of SFAS No. 106 level of expenses has not yet been granted recovery in rates. The Operating Subsidiaries do not anticipate that SFAS No. 106 will have a substantial effect on consolidated net income.
- 23 -
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
The operations of the Subsidiaries are subject to regulation as to air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal, and other environmental matters by various federal, state, and local authorities.
Meeting known environmental standards is estimated to cost the Subsidiaries about $361 million in capital expenditures over the next three years, including $254 million for compliance with Phase I of the CAAA, described below, and initial cost for anticipated compliance with Phase II. The full costs of compliance with Phase II cannot be estimated at this time, but may be substantial. Additional legislation or regulatory control requirements, if enacted, may well require modifying, supplementing, or replacing equipment at existing stations at substantial additional cost.
Air Standards
The Operating Subsidiaries meet applicable standards as to particulates and opacity at major stations with high-efficiency electrostatic precipitators, cleaned coal, flue-gas conditioning, and, at times, reduction of output. From time to time minor excursions of opacity normal to fossil fuel operations are experienced and are accommodated by the regulatory process. In February 1994, three notices of violation were received by the Operating Subsidiaries from the West Virginia Division of Environmental Protection (WVDEP) regarding opacity excursions for three power stations in West Virginia. The Operating Subsidiaries are working with the WVDEP to resolve the alleged violations. It is not anticipated that the alleged violations will result in su