he Company believes it is an industry leader in implementing automated underwriting and collection management systems which improve its ability to manage credit quality. The Company considers factors such as the applicant's income, expenses,
paying habits, value of collateral, if any, and length and stability of employment, in its effort to determine whether the borrower has the ability to support the loan.
The objective of the Company's program to automate and centralize the back office processing of U.S. consumer finance accounts has been to transfer the record keeping and collection tasks necessary to service accounts from its branch offices to an RSC. The RSCs were created to provide higher quality customer service and cost savings resulting from greater efficiency through economies of scale. By doing so, the Company's branch offices have been able to focus on sales and marketing efforts. The Company's first RSC began operations in Illinois in 1987. By the first quarter of 1990, all U.S. branch offices of HFC were served by RSCs. As a result of efficiencies achieved since that time, the operations of the servicing centers have been further consolidated, and in 1993 the servicing operation for all HFC originated loans was moved to a single servicing center located in Illinois. The former western region RSC, which began operations in the first quarter of 1989, now supports HFC's portfolio acquisition business and services acquired consumer credit receivables. The former eastern region RSC, which opened in Virginia in the fourth quarter of 1989, now supports the GM Card exclusively. Additional facilities exist to provide the Company's bankcard and merchant participation business with centralized automated support. The Company has also established regional processing centers ("RPC") in California, Illinois, Maryland, Nevada and Ohio to perform payment processing, check processing, statement billings and other administrative tasks for all domestic consumer operations