nual harvest. The Company is continually implementing programs to enhance growth rates on its land. Standing timber is subject to various hazards, including forest fires, windstorms and various types of infestations. The Company employs active salvage and forest management programs to minimize their economic impact. Subject to these hazards, it is believed that the timber available from the Company's own resources, plus purchases of wood and wood chips in the open market, should provide its pulp mills with an adequate supply of raw materials for the foreseeable future. None of the Company's consolidated international subsidiaries has significant timberlands.
ENERGY SOURCES
The Company's consolidated North American pulp and paper operations generate approximately 75% of their energy requirements by burning spent pulping liquor, process wastes, biomass and wood residuals (including purchased biomass and wood residuals) and anthracite culm and from their own hydroelectric plants. The remaining 25% of such energy requirements is provided by purchased coal, oil, natural gas and electricity. Several facilities have the capacity to alternate between oil and natural gas to take advantage of differences in their relative prices and availability. In addition, several U.S. facilities generate electricity for their own use and for sale to electric utilities. Substantially all of the energy requirements of the Company's consolidated international subsidiaries are provided by purchased electricity, natural gas and oil.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
The Company's research and development programs are principally conducted at the facilities located at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Westbrook, Maine. During 1993, 1992 and 1991, the Company expended approximately $62.3 million, $61.2 million and $64.4 million, respectively, for research and development activities. The personal care and cleaning business' programs, some of which are conducted jointly with other organizations, support the d