rsuant to this Section 9.7(c), the Bank and the Borrower shall make appropriate arrangements so that, if required, a new Note is issued to such Assignee. The cost of the preparation of such new Note shall be borne by the Bank. In the event that such Assignee is not incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any jurisdiction thereof, such Assignee shall, prior to the first date on which interest or fees are payable hereunder for its account deliver to the Borrower certification as to exemption from deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes.
(d) The Bank may furnish any information concerning the Borrower in its possession from time to time to Participants and Assignees (including prospective Participants and Assignees) and may, with the prior written consent of the Borrower, furnish such information in response to credit inquiries consistent with general banking practice.
(e) No Participant, Assignee or other transferee of the Bank's rights shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 8.3 than such transferee would have been entitled to receive with respect to the rights assigned or otherwise transferred, unless such assignment or transfer is made with the Borrower's prior written consent or by reason of the provisions of Section 8.2 or 8.3 requiring the Bank to designate a different lending office under certain circumstances or at a time when the circumstances giving rise to such greater payment did not exist.
Section 9.8. Governing Law. This Agreement and the Note shall be deemed to be contracts made under seal and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, except as otherwise provided herein.
Section 9.9. Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This
Agreement shall become effective when