e Company and the other PRPs are performing the work comprising operable unit two. The U.S. EPA has also demanded approximately $.9 million in past costs from the PRPs.
In July 1990, the Company notified the U.S. EPA that it was investigating the possibility that certain chemicals manufactured during the period in which Kronos owned a former subsidiary were not appropriately listed with the U.S. EPA pursuant to the Toxic Substances Control Act. The Company believes that the manufacture of the chemicals in question was initiated by a prior owner of the subsidiary. The Company intends to cooperate fully with the U.S. EPA in investigating this matter and determining whether any manufacture of non-listed chemicals occurred. If such manufacture is found to have occurred, the U.S. EPA may levy fines against the Company and possibly others. If any fines are levied, the Company will attempt to seek reimbursement from the prior owner of the subsidiary.
See Item 1 - "Business - Regulatory and Environmental Matters".
OTHER LITIGATION
In April 1990, the Company filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against Lockheed Corporation and its directors in connection with Lockheed's 1990 annual meeting of stockholders, (NL Industries, Inc. v. Lockheed Corporation, et al., No. CV-90-1950 RMT (Bx)), which complaint was subsequently amended. In December 1992, a unanimous jury verdict was returned in the Company's favor in the amount of $30 million, which award is a gain contingency not recorded as income by the Company. The jury found that Lockheed violated the federal securities laws by making false and misleading public statements about Lockheed's employee stock ownership plan. Lockheed has appealed. The Company has cross appealed with respect to its claims against Lockheed's directors. On February 24, 1994, the case was settled with a cash payment to the Company by Lockheed of $27 million resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 