 the court.
In November and December 1990, the Company and others were served with third-party complaints in actions entitled Coren, et al. v. Cardozo v. Sherwin-Williams, et al. (No. 29101) and Pacheco, et al. v. Ortiz v. The Sherwin-Williams Company, et al. (No. 90-3067-B) in the Housing Court of Massachusetts, Suffolk County. The third-party complaints against the pigment manufacturers and the LIA contain allegations similar to those in the Spriggs action and also seek contribution and indemnification for any relief awarded to plaintiffs. In Coren, the third-party defendants removed the case to federal court. In 1992, the federal court dismissed the direct claims and remanded the indemnification and contribution claims to the housing court. Thereafter, the housing court granted the third-party defendants' motion to stay discovery, pending trial on the main action. The Company has answered the third-party complaint, denying all allegations of wrongdoing. In Pacheco, plaintiffs settled with the defendant landlords for less than $100,000. The third-party claims are in discovery. Third-party plaintiffs have proposed a stay of this matter pending the outcome of the appeal in another personal injury action, which was thereafter resolved in the Company's favor.
In October 1991, the Company and others were served with a third-party
- 10 - complaint by the owner of the plaintiff's apartment in an action entitled Barros v. Pires v. Sherwin-Williams Co., et al., (Civ. No. 01011), in the Housing Court of Massachusetts, Suffolk County. The third party complaint against the pigment manufacturers and the LIA alleges negligent product design, negligent failure to warn, breach of warranty, aiding and abetting, and concert of action, and also seeks contribution and indemnification for any relief awarded to plaintiff for damages allegedly suffered due to exposure to lead-based paint. In May 1992, the court granted the third-party defendants' motion to dismiss. In June 1992, the thi