the ongoing liquidation of assets, and therefore it is expected that the cash generated from operations will also decline. As the cash generated by Partnership operations continues to decline, the rate of cash distributions made to limited partners will also decline. During 1993, the Partnership reduced the cash distributions to partners due to such decline in the cash available for distribution. It is anticipated that the Partnership will make distributions to partners during 1994 at approximately the same rate as those made during 1993.
The Partnership has been adversely impacted by several factors that have caused them to achieve returns and recovery of investment in lower than anticipated amounts. The factors impacting the Partnership have been, the economic recession in the United States, the rate of obsolescence of computer equipment, the market demand and remarketability for equipment owned by the Partnership, aggressive manufacturer sales practices and a general unavailability of debt to companies. All of these factors have resulted in the decline in revenues and the reduced distributions to partners.
Cash generated from leasing and financing operations has been and is anticipated to continue to be sufficient to meet the Partnership's ongoing operational expenses and debt service.
Page 12 of 36
Item 8.

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
PHOENIX LEASING CASH DISTRIBUTION FUND II
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1993
Page 13 of 36
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
The Partners Phoenix Leasing Cash Distribution Fund II
We have audited the financial statements of Phoenix Leasing Cash Distribution Fund II (a California limited partnership) listed in the accompanying index to financial statements (Item 14(a)). These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing sta