In October 1993, the Bay Area Air Quality Management District brought an administrative action against Pacific Refining Company, in which Coastal has an indirect 50% interest. In March 1994, the parties agreed upon a structured settlement amount of $300,000 regarding certain compliance issues relating to the installation of a sulfur recovery unit at Pacific Refining Company's refinery.
2. In January 1993, the State of Texas filed suit against the Corpus Christi, Texas refinery of Coastal Refining & Marketing, Inc., a subsidiary of Coastal, alleging failure to comply in 1992 with certain administrative orders relating to groundwater contamination and seeking penalties in unspecified amounts. The Company believes that this suit could result in monetary sanctions which, while not material to the Company and its subsidiaries, could exceed $100,000.
3. In February 1993, the State of Texas filed suit against Coastal Refining & Marketing, Inc., seeking civil penalties in unspecified amounts for alleged public nuisance odor violations occurring in 1991 and 1992 at the Corpus Christi refinery. In July 1993, the proceeding was amended to include a claim for excess benzene emissions and to seek civil penalties. The Company believes that this suit could result in monetary sanctions which, while not material to the Company and its subsidiaries, could exceed $100,000.
There are additional areas of environmental remediation responsibilities which may fall on the Company. Future information and developments will require the Company to continually reassess the expected impact of these environmental matters. However, the Company has evaluated its total environmental exposure based on currently available data, including its potential joint and several liability, and believes that compliance with all applicable laws and regulations will not have a material adverse impact on the Company's liquidity or financial position.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
Information on properties of Coastal