 of domestic and foreign patents which, in the aggregate, are material to its businesses. CooperVision is a party to a licensing agreement under which it holds a perpetual, royalty free, nonexclusive right to make, have made and sell contact lenses utilizing a polymer owned by a third party. CooperVision's ability to utilize that polymer is material to its business. Unexpired terms of TCC's United States patents range from less than one year to a maximum of 17 years. CVP has the exclusive license to the U.S. patent for the use of Class I calcium channel blockers as agents to reduce intraocular pressure in ocular hypertensive conditions including glaucoma. In addition, CVP has filed and/or is in the process of filing additional U.S. and international patent applications.
As indicated in the references to such products in this Item 1, the names of certain of TCC's products are protected by trademark registration in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and, in some instances, in foreign trademark offices as well. Applications are pending for additional trademark registrations. TCC considers these trademarks to be valuable because of their contribution to the market identification of its various products.
DEPENDENCE UPON CUSTOMERS
At this time, no material portion of TCC's businesses is dependent upon any one customer or upon any one affiliated group of customers.
- ------------ (1) All references to Note numbers shall constitute the incorporation by reference of the text of the specific Note contained in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company located in Item 8 into the Item number in which it appears.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS
No material portion of TCC's businesses is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts or subcontracts at the election of the United States government.
COMPETITION
No single company competes with the Company in all of its industry segments; however, each of TCC's business segments operates within a h