he assets and liabilities have been condensed into net assets of discontinued operation on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the 1993 presentation.
The Company is implementing cost-cutting measures at its remaining operations to reduce its expense structure and to eliminate duplicative functions by consolidating some of its smaller operating units. The Company is consolidating its four domestic turbo-machinery aftermarket maintenance divisions into one TurboCare division; is consolidating certain operations in the European mechanical controls and automotive components divisions; and is revising operating processes and reducing employment levels at the turbomachinery, pumps and other operations. The Company expects these programs to generally be complete by mid-year and the number of employees company-wide is forecast to decline by approximately 450, or 9% from continuing operations, between mid-1993 and mid-1994. The restructurings are expected to provide net cash benefits of approximately $3 million in 1994 and $13 million annually thereafter.
Also as a result of restructuring, the Company has realigned its businesses into new groupings for management and segment reporting purposes. The Power Products and Services Group is basically unchanged but will now be known as the Turbomachinery segment. The Mechanical Controls Group, which previously contained three of the Aerospace divisions (sold September 1993), is now called the Morse Controls segment. The Power Transmission Group lost two Aerospace divisions through divestiture but gained Gems Sensors, Fincor Electronics and TransInstruments through realignment. This Group is now known as Pumps, Power Transmission & Controls segment. The Instruments Group no longer exists because the Electro-Optical Systems business is now accounted for as a discontinued operation. Finally, the operating units sold and the remaining assets to be sold as part of the