e Company's ratio of total debt to total capitalization exceeding .75 to 1. As of December 31, 1993, this ratio was .32 to 1.
-38 (Page 1 of 2)- 15. Stock Rights Plan
The Company's 1983 Stock Rights Plan (as amended) has been approved by the Company's shareholders. It is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee"), consisting entirely of outside directors, and under the terms of the plan certain key employees (including officers, who may also be directors) of the Company may be granted nonqualified stock options at an exercise price not less than 100 percent of the closing market price of a share of common stock on the date of the grant. These are ten-year options that become exercisable in installments of 25 percent per year, with the first installment commencing one year following the date of grant. The plan also provides that option grants to any one participant in a calendar year may not exceed 15,000 underlying shares of common stock.
Prior to May 7, 1991, options granted to officers subject to the "short swing" profit provisions of Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended) were coupled with alternative stock appreciation rights (SAR's) which enabled such holder to receive in cash or shares the excess of the common stock price on the date of exercise over the option price (the "spread"). Due to the manner in which the grant of an option to a person subject to the provisions of Section 16 is now treated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Committee has taken action to provide that options granted after May 7, 1991 would not be coupled with SAR's.
In November 1985, the Plan was amended to provide that then outstanding options not coupled with SAR's would be subject to limited SAR's. (Such limited SAR's provided for treatment of the spread similar to that of alternative SAR's and became exercisable only if certain defined changes in control or concentration of equity ownership of the Co