le and resistant to oxidation than other vegetable oils.
Agribusiness revenues from the sale of planting seeds were earned principally during the first half of the calendar year, and losses from these operations were incurred in the last half as a result of continuing operating expenses with low sales. Working capital needs were also seasonal. Expenditures for inventories were made during the last half of the year, while substantial collections on sales were not received until the second and third quarters of the following year.
Strategic Agribusiness activities consisted principally of internal biotechnology research and development directed toward developing new products for the agriculture, food and chemical industries. Agribusiness' research and development consisted of traditional plant breeding and strategic research in advanced plant science. Plant breeding attempts to create desirable plants by crossing selected parent plants. The genetic combinations of the crosses are then tested under field conditions to determine if desired characteristics appear. Traditional research expense of the Agribusiness segment was $7.2 million in 1992 and $7.8 million in 1991.
A major portion of Agribusiness' strategic research and development was conducted at the research laboratory in Madison, Wisconsin. Strategic research was focused on specialty chemicals and food products derived from oil seed crops and on genetic improvement of specific attributes of hybrid plant varieties. Total Agribusiness strategic research expense was $7.7 million in 1992 and $8.6 million in 1991.
The company has United States utility patents covering its high oleic sunflower oil and seeds. The high oleic patents are being re-examined by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and such re-examination has not been resolved. If the re-examination results in the cancellation of the patents, management believes that its business will not be materially affected.
GENERAL
EMPLOYEES. At December 31, 1993, the 