 his/her rights shall be vested in the Transferee and the Employee shall have no further interest in the Policy and Agreement. Any assignee shall be subject to all obligations of the Employee under both Parts I and II of this Agreement.
I. Insurer's Obligations The Insurer is not party to this Agreement. It is understood by the parties hereto that in issuing such Policy of insurance, the Insurer shall have no liability except as set forth in the Policy and except as set forth in any assignment of the Policy filed at its Home Office and in Section J of this Agreement. Except as set forth in Section J, the Insurer shall not be bound to inquire into, or take notice of, any of the covenants herein contained as to the Policy of insurance or as to application of proceeds of such Policy. Upon the death of the Insured and payment of the proceeds in accordance with Section J of this Agreement, the insurer shall be discharged of all liability.
J. Claims Procedure The following claims procedure shall apply to the Policy and the Executive Life Insurance Program:
1. Filing of a claim for benefits. The Employee or the beneficiary of the Policy shall make a claim for the benefits provided under the Policy in the manner provided in the Policy. 2. Claim denial. With respect to a claim for benefits under said Policy, the Insurer shall be the entity which reviews and makes decisions on claim denials according to the terms of the Policy. 3. Notification to claimant of decision. If a claim is wholly or partially denied, notice of the decision, meeting the requirements of Section J4, following shall be furnished to the claimant within a reasonable period of time after a claim has been filed. 4. Content of notice. The Insurer shall provide, to any claimant who is denied a claim for benefits, written notice setting forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, the following: a. The specific reason or reasons for the denial; b. Specific reference to pertinent Policy provisi