 specific hotels. In 1993, gross operating profit improved primarily due to the stabilization of labor and related costs and increased sales volumes. Given the current positive industry fundamentals and the Company's proposed new hotel development and acquisition refurbishment programs, the Company believes it will continue to benefit from operating leverage.
Results of Operations for Year Ended December 31, 1993 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 1992
The Company implemented "fresh start" reporting in accordance with Statement of Position 90-7 of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants upon its emergence from reorganization on the Effective Date. Under "fresh start" reporting, the purchase method of accounting was used and the assets and liabilities of the Company were restated to reflect their approximate fair value at the Effective Date. In addition, during the reorganization period (September 18, 1990 to the Effective Date), the Company's financial statements were prepared under accounting principles for entities in reorganization which includes reporting interest expense only to the extent paid and recording transactions and events directly associated with the reorganization proceedings. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements of the Company are not comparable in all material respects to any such financial statement as of any date or for any period prior to the Effective Date. Subsequent to the Effective Date, the Company elected to change its fiscal year end from June 30 to December 31.
For purposes of an analysis of the results of operations, comparisons of the Company's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 1993 to the prior year are made only when, in management's opinion, such comparisons are meaningful. Prior to the Effective Date, the Company did not employ "fresh start" reporting thereby making comparisons of certain financial statement data prior to such date less meaningful. The financial information set fort