nts wrongfully caused the termination of certain contractual relationships between the Company and Scott Kranz and IMG and of Scott Kranz as general partner of five publicly registered real estate limited partnerships.
On October 29, 1984, Scott G. Kranz, a 10% shareholder of I.R.E. Realty Advisory Group, Inc. ("RAG"), of which Registrant is a 50% shareholder, filed suit in the name of RAG seeking a declaration of the rights and liabilities of the parties in relation to a merger effective August 21, 1984 by and among Gables Advisors, Inc., I.R.E. Real Estate Funds, Inc. and RAG. Plaintiff seeks damages in the amount of the fair market value of his shares in RAG as of the day before the merger. He further claims punitive damages, attorneys fees and costs.
On January 30, 1985, plaintiff amended his complaint, to add claims of breach of statutory duty and willful failure to submit the merger transactions to a vote at a meeting of shareholders, in addition to a claim for punitive damages. On June 17, 1985, Plaintiff again amended his complaint adding a claim of constructive fraud. In March 1986, Plaintiff's motion for summary judgement was denied. On January 21, 1987, the Court ordered this action consolidated for trial with the action described immediately above.
Defendants denied Plaintiff's claims and filed a counterclaim. The defendants also filed a motion to strike all of Kranz's and IMG's pleadings in both cases and to enter a default judgement against Kranz and IMG for gross and continuing violations of discovery orders. By order dated June 26, 1990, the judge struck all of the pleadings filed by Kranz and IMG including both of their complaints and both of their answers to the Company's counterclaims. On February 12, 1991, the trial judge entered final judgement in favor of the individual defendants, Alan Levan and Frank Grieco, specifically reserving jurisdiction for further proceedings as to the corporate entities to enter final judgement against the plaintiffs