elieves it is cost competitive in the high volume retailer bicycle market and maintains its position through continued efforts to improve manufacturing efficiency and product value. Huffy Bicycle Company's ability to provide its customers with low cost, innovative new products has enabled it to maintain its market position despite the targeted marketing efforts of competitors from Taiwan, China, and other nations. On December 10, 1993, the Board of Directors of the Company approved plans for Huffy Bicycle Company to establish an additional bicycle manufacturing facility in order to increase manufacturing flexibility and capacity and market share. The selection of a proposed Farmington, Missouri site as the location for the additional manufacturing facility is in the final stages, and acquisition and financing alternatives are currently being examined. Huffy Sports Company has several competitors, but only one is deemed significant. Huffy Sports Company maintains its competitive position by offering its customers high quality, innovative products at competitive prices and by supporting its products with outstanding customer service. True Temper Hardware Company has numerous competitors in the United States and Canada, but considers only two competitors significant. True Temper Hardware Company believes it remains competitive by offering its customers in the home use, agricultural, industrial, and commercial markets competitively priced, high quality, innovative products. The loss by the Recreation and Leisure Time Products segment of either of its two largest customers could result in a short-term, material adverse effect on the segment.
JUVENILE PRODUCTS
The Juvenile Products segment is comprised of Gerry Baby Products Company, Snugli-Canada, Ltd., and Gerry Wood Products Company (collectively, the "Gerry Companies"). Although to date the export business is not significant, the Gerry Companies participate in various foreign markets and are actively involved in expan