rved by NS, it idled four operations that are heavily oriented toward export shipments. NS' export coal business is expected to remain somewhat depressed in 1994. Expanded coal output and export capacity by foreign producers may make this market very competitive, especially for steam coal. Export coal opportunities for NS are expected to continue to be greatest in Europe, and moderate growth is expected over the next five-year period. In contrast to the export market, domestic coal remained steady. Extended periods of warmer-than-usual temperatures in the Southeast resulted in increased business for a number of utility customers. NS was able to provide coal service to some whose customary carriers were adversely affected by flooding in the Midwest and the UMWA strike. NS continued to do well in domestic steel markets, especially in the Midwest. While total volumes in the domestic steel market remained relatively flat, compared with 1992, NS was able to increase its market share. The outlook for domestic NS coal traffic remains promising. New movements of western coal to an eastern utility began late in 1993 and are expected to reach 3 million tons in 1994 and to grow to nearly 7 million tons annually in the next few years. Changes in emissions regulations for sulfur dioxide included in the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 may increase NS utility traffic. Coal volume in 1992 decreased 2%, compared with 1991, and revenues were down 3% from 1991. Traffic volume in 1991 represented NS' second best year since the 1982 consolidation. As shown in the table above, NS had mixed results in 1992 in the four basic coal market segments it serves. The largest decline in coal tonnage was in export coal, down 8%, compared with 1991. Beginning in 1992, the European economies slumped badly, reducing demand for U.S. coal in both steel and electricity production. Domestic utility tonnages showed the second greatest decline, 2% below 1991, reflecting weakness in the overall economy and 