Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Wisconsin, Wyoming and offshore in federal waters. Prior to November 1, 1993, ANR Pipeline was also engaged in the sale for resale of natural gas. With ANR Pipeline's implementation of Order 636 effective November 1, 1993, ANR Pipeline no longer provides a merchant service. However, former gas sales customers of ANR Pipeline have largely retained their firm storage and transportation service levels previously included in their "bundled" gas sales services. ANR Pipeline will auction gas on the open market as part of its gas restructuring program designed to handle the continuation of certain gas purchase contracts pending renegotiation or expiration of such contracts. ANR Pipeline's gas sales for resale customers previously included 51 local distributors in Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Missouri, Ohio and Tennessee. ANR Pipeline operates two major offshore gas pipeline systems in the Gulf of Mexico which are owned by HIOS and UTOS, general partnerships composed of ANR Pipeline subsidiaries and subsidiaries of other pipeline companies. ANR Pipeline also operates Empire, a 156-mile pipeline extending from Niagara Falls to Syracuse, New York, in which an affiliate of ANR Pipeline has a 45% interest.
During 1993, approximately 62% of ANR Pipeline's gas supply was purchased from gas producers and marketers in Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Texas, Wisconsin, Wyoming and the Texas and Louisiana offshore areas; approximately 32% was obtained from three Canadian suppliers; and approximately 6% was purchased from the Dakota Gasification Company in North Dakota.
ANR Pipeline's two interconnected large-diameter multiple pipeline systems transport gas to the Midwest from (a) the Hugoton Field and other fields in the Anadarko Basin in Texas and Oklahoma and (b) the Louisiana onshore and Louisiana and Texas offshore areas. Gas from Wyoming and Canada is obtained by ANR Pipeline through trans