company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries had 4,613 employees of which approximately 60% were in the U.S.
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS. Financial information with respect to domestic and foreign operations is contained in Note 12 to the Financial Statements that is included in the company's 1993 Annual Report to its shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
The company supplies its additive customers abroad from overseas manufacturing plants and through export from the United States. Sales and technical service offices are maintained in more than 30 countries outside the United States. As a result, the company is subject to business risks inherent in non-U.S. activities, including political uncertainty, import and export limitations, exchange controls and currency fluctuations. The company believes risks related to its foreign operations are mitigated due to the political and economic stability of the countries in which its largest foreign operations are located.
While changes in the dollar value of foreign currencies will affect earnings from time to time, the longer term economic effect of these changes should not be significant given the company's net asset exposure, currency mix and pricing flexibility. Generally, the income statement effect of changes in the dollar value of foreign currencies is partially or wholly offset by the company's ability to make corresponding price changes in local currency. The company's consolidated net income will generally benefit (decline) as foreign currencies increase (decrease) in value compared to the U.S. dollar. In 1993, European currencies weakened and the Japanese yen strengthened resulting in insignificant net earnings effect.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The general offices of the company are located in Wickliffe, Ohio. The company has various leases for general office space primarily located in Eastlake, Ohio; Houston, Texas; and London, England. The company owns three additive manufacturing plants in the United