xpense reflected the benefit of $9 million of capitalized interest related principally to the Louisiana plant completed in March 1992. Interest expense increased from 1991 to 1992 due to the net effects of lower average levels of indebtedness, a $17 million decline in capitalized interest and a $9 million reduction in the Company's accrual for income tax related interest in 1991. Overall, the Company expects its October 1993 reduction and refinancing of certain indebtedness will result in a modest decrease in the Company's interest expense. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources".
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES
The principal reasons for the difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rates and the Company's effective income tax rates are explained in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company's operations are conducted on a worldwide basis and the geographic mix of income can significantly impact the Company's effective income tax rate. In both 1992 and 1993, the geographic mix, including losses in certain jurisdictions for which no current refund was available and in which recognition of a deferred tax asset is not currently considered appropriate, contributed significantly to the Company's effective tax rate varying from a normally expected rate. The Company's deferred income tax status at December 31, 1993 is discussed in "Liquidity and Capital Resources". In 1991, realization of the available capital loss carryback of the Company's securities transactions at a relatively low rate due to the alternative minimum tax rates in prior years also significantly impacted the Company's effective tax rate.
EXTRAORDINARY ITEMS
See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
See Notes 2 and 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits", requires the accrual method of accounting for benefits provided 