denture.
THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)
The Company received the requisite consents and, in connection therewith, upon consummating the CTI sale, purchased approximately $70,000,000 principal amount of the 8 5/8% Debentures, and entered into the First Supplemental Indenture, which amended certain terms of the Indenture. Under these amended terms, the interest rate on the 8 5/8% Debentures was increased from 8 5/8% to 10 5/8% per annum, effective June 29, 1989. Reflecting this change, the 8 5/8% Debentures were retitled the '10 5/8% Convertible Subordinated Reset Debentures due 2005'. In addition, under the terms of the Indenture as then amended, the Company was required to reset the interest rate on the Debentures on June 15, 1991, to a rate per annum, as determined by two nationally recognized investment banking firms selected by the Company, such that the Debentures would have a market value equal to 75% of their principal amount on such date. The market value of the Debentures was 75% of principal value as of June 15, 1991; therefore, no interest rate reset was necessary. The SEC has filed a complaint for Permanent Injunction and Other Equitable Relief (the 'SEC Complaint') alleging, among other things, federal securities laws violations by the Company and Gary Singer, a former Co-Chairman of the Company, in connection with an alleged manipulation of the price and demand of the Debentures to avoid an allegedly required reset. The SEC Complaint alleges that Gary Singer and the Company manipulated the trading price of the Debentures, and that Gary Singer obtained allegedly false opinion letters from two firms, which letters failed to meet the Indenture requirements to avoid such reset. See Note 18.
As a result of the losses experienced by the Company, the Company's Adjusted Net Worth, as defined in the Indenture (as in effect after adoption of the First Supplemental Indenture but prior to consum