r lending decision. As a general rule, BankAtlantic also requires that these loans be guaranteed by one or more individuals who have made a significant equity investment in the property. Commercial real estate loans generally have shorter terms, adjust more rapidly to interest rate fluctuations and bear higher rates of interest than alternative investments. Income from this type of loan should be more responsive to changes in the general level of interest rates. However, construction and permanent commercial real estate lending is generally considered to have higher credit risk than single-family residential lending because repayment typically is dependent on the successful operation of the related real estate project and thus may be subject, to a greater extent, to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy, generally. Construction loans involve additional risks because loan funds are advanced based on the security of the project under construction, which is of uncertain value prior to completion, and because it is relatively difficult to evaluate accurately the total amount required to complete a project.
Commercial Business Loans - BankAtlantic's corporate lending activities are generally directed to small to medium size companies located in Dade, Broward and Palm Beach Counties, Florida. BankAtlantic's corporate lending division makes both secured and unsecured loans, although the majority of such lending is done on a secured basis. The development of ongoing customer relationships with commercial borrowers is an important part of BankAtlantic's efforts to attract more low-interest and non-interest bearing demand deposits and to generate other fee-based, non-lending services. The average corporate loan is approximately $1 million and is generally secured by the receivables, inventory, equipment, and/or general corporate assets of the borrower. These loans are originated on both a line of credit basis, and on a fixed-term basis ranging from one t