latter part of 1992 which resulted in increased average occupancy levels. Rental income also increased during 1993 at the Sun Lake Apartments due to increased occupancy levels and rental rates. Income was generated during 1993 from the acquisition through foreclosure of the 420 N. Wabash Office Building and Shoal Run Apartments which were acquired through foreclosure in the latter part of 1992. These increases were substantially offset by significant leasing costs incurred during 1993 to lease vacant space and renew existing leases at the Perimeter 400 Office Complex. See Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information regarding these properties.
The 1993 loan prepayments and the sale of Winchester Mall resulted in an increase in cash available for investment and correspondingly, an increase in interest income on short-term investments during 1993 as compared to 1992.
Participation income is recognized from participations in cash flow from properties securing certain of the Partnership's loans. The Partnership's loans generally bear interest at contractually fixed interest rates. Some loans also provide for additional interest in the form of participations, usually consisting of either a share in the capital appreciation of the property securing the Partnership's loan and/or a share in the increase of gross income of the property above a certain level. The Partnership received substantial participation income in connection with the August 1993 prepayments of the Skyway, Mariwood and Hickory Knoll and Pinellas Cascade, Land of Lakes Pinellas Park loans.
A prepayment premium of $210,000 was received in August 1993 in connection with the prepayment of the loan collateralized by the Pinellas Cascade, Land of Lakes Pinellas Park mobile home parks.
The Partnership incurred higher legal fees during 1992 in connection with non- accrual loans, foreclosures and loan defaults, resulting in a decrease in administrative expenses during 1993 as compared to 1992.
During