SULTS OF OPERATIONS
The results of operations during the last three years reflect various elements of the Company's long-term growth strategy, along with general trends in the economy and the furnishings industry. The Company's growth strategy continues to include both internal programs and acquisitions, which broaden product lines and provide for increased market penetration and operating efficiencies. With a continuing emphasis on the development of new and improved products and advancements in production technology, the Company is able to consistently offer high quality products, competitively priced.
Trends in the general economy were favorable during the last two years. Economic growth increased in the fourth quarter of 1993, following more modest growth during most of the year. Consumer confidence also improved near the end of the year, and final demand for durable goods, including furniture and bedding, generally remained stronger than the demand for non-durable goods. Consumers reacted favorably to lower long-term interest rates and increased availability of credit. In 1992, a post-election recovery in consumer confidence quickly led to increased consumer spending and accelerated growth in the economy. However, compared with previous first year recoveries from recessionary lows, economic improvement was modest during most of 1992. During 1991, the economy began to recover from recessionary lows early in the year, when the war in the Middle East ended and consumer confidence temporarily improved. Consumer confidence soon turned back down and the pace of overall business remained depressed at the end of 1991.
Demand in the furnishings industry followed a pattern similar to the general economy during the last three years. Annual growth in retail sales and manufacturers' shipments of bedding and furniture was somewhat stronger in 1993 than in 1992. Increased consumer spending near the end of the last two years helped offset some of the seasonal slowdown in deman