vided on such differences, which are significant. It is impracticable because of the complex legal structure of the Company and the numerous tax jurisdictions in which the Company operates to determine such deferred taxes.
Cash taxes paid were $41 million, $56 million, and $79 million in the years 1993, 1992, and 1991, respectively.
In connection with examinations of the tax returns of the Company's German subsidiaries for the years 1984 through 1990, the German tax authorities have raised questions regarding the treatment of certain significant matters. The Company has paid approximately $20 million of a disputed German income tax. A suit is pending to obtain a refund of this tax. The Company anticipates that the German tax authorities may propose other adjustments resulting in additional taxes of approximately $105 million, plus penalties and interest for the tax return years under audit. In addition, significant transactions similar to those which gave rise to such possible adjustments occurred in years subsequent to 1990. The Company, on the basis of the opinion of legal counsel, believes the tax returns are substantially correct as filed and intends to vigorously contest any adjustments which have been or may be assessed. Accordingly, the Company had not recorded any loss contingency at December 31, 1993 with respect to such matters. Under German tax law the authorities may demand immediate payment of a tax assessment prior to final resolution of the issues. The Company also believes, on the basis of opinion of legal counsel, that it is highly likely that a suspension of payment will be obtained if additional taxes are assessed. However, if payment is required, the Company expects that it will be able to make such payment from available sources of liquidity or credit support but that future cash flows and capital expenditures and therefore subsequent results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be adversely affected.
AMERICAN STANDA