ger than had been offered in the past five years. The effect of such aggressive pricing on some new loans adversely impacted the Association's net interest income in 1993 and increased the Association's exposure to interest rate increases due to the effect of the annual interest rate caps on loans with larger initial rate discounts than has been typical.
In addition to maturity/repricing mismatch risk, basis risk, and competitive pricing risk, Northeast Savings' net interest income is also subject to fluctuations due to changes in asset and liability cash flows resulting from changes in interest rates. Significant increases or decreases in interest rates will change the rate at which current borrowers prepay their loans which will result in higher rate loans prepaying more rapidly in low rate environments and lower rate loans prepaying more slowly in high rate environments. These changes in prepayments will generally affect the Association's net interest income in an adverse fashion. Deposit cash flows may also be affected by changes in interest rates. Significant increases in interest rates can induce depositors to make premature withdrawals from certificates of deposit in order to receive the higher current interest rate. Higher interest rates can also induce depositors to shift funds from more liquid core deposit accounts into higher paying alternatives. These changes in deposit cash flows when interest rates increase generally have an adverse effect on the Association's net interest income although the magnitude of the impact can be wholly or partially offset by premature withdrawal penalties.
Since 1992, deposit cash flows have been impacted by the lowest level of market interest rates in thirty years. Depositors who had been accustomed to receiving a higher level of interest income than has been available on Northeast Savings' deposit products have withdrawn their funds and sought higher yields in alternative investments such as mutual funds. The outflow of de