include qualifying nonaffiliated utilities or groups of utilities including the many small electric systems owned by municipalities and rural electric cooperative associations in the service areas of the Operating Subsidiaries. Many of these small systems currently purchase substantially all of their power from the Operating Subsidiaries. Under EPACT, these small systems may now seek an order from the FERC to force the Operating Subsidiaries to wheel power over the System to them from sources outside the System service area. All of the small electric wholesale customers in the Operating Subsidiaries' service areas which might avail themselves of this opportunity produced $42 million of total revenues in 1993.
- 7 -
Under PURPA, certain municipalities and private developers have installed, are installing or are proposing to install hydroelectric and other generating facilities at various locations in or near the Operating Subsidiaries' service areas with the intent of selling some or all of the electric capacity and energy to the Operating Subsidiaries at rates provided under PURPA and approved by appropriate state commissions. The System's total generation capacity includes 292 MW of on-line PURPA capacity. Payments for PURPA capacity and energy in 1993 totaled approximately $105 million at an average cost to the System of 5.04 cents per kWh. The System projects an additional 180 MW of PURPA capacity to come on-line in future years. In addition, lapsed purchase agreements totaling 203 MW and other PURPA complaints totaling 520 MW (none of which are included in the System's integrated resource plan as of August 20, 1993), are the subject of pending litigation. (See ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS for a description of litigation and regulatory proceedings in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and West Virginia affecting PURPA capacity.) In the future, ratings of the Operating Subsidiaries' first mortgage bonds and preferred stock may be affected by increased concern of rating agencies