idiaries.
AMERICAN STANDARD INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk
The Company from time to time enters into foreign currency exchange agreements in the management of foreign currency exposure. Gains and losses from exchange rate changes are included in income unless the contract hedges a net investment in a foreign entity or a firm commitment, in which case gains and losses are deferred as a component of foreign currency translation effects in stockholder's equity or included as a component of the transaction.
Note 3. Postretirement Benefits
The Company sponsors postretirement benefit plans covering substantially all employees, including an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the "ESOP") for the Company's U.S. salaried employees and certain U.S. hourly employees. In 1988 in conjunction with the Acquisition the ESOP purchased 5,000,000 shares (adjusted for a 100-for-1 stock split) of common stock of Holding. The ESOP is an individual account, defined contribution plan. The valuation of the ESOP shares is determined by independent appraisals. The common stock acquired by the ESOP is being allocated to the accounts of eligible employees over a period not exceeding eight plan years, including basic allocation of 3% of covered compensation and a matching Company contribution of up to 6% of covered compensation invested in the Company's savings plan by employees.
Pension plan benefits are generally based on years of service and employees' compensation during the last years of employment. In the United States the Company also provides various postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for some of its employees. Funding decisions are based upon the tax and statutory considerations in each country. Accretion expense is the implicit interest cost associated with amounts accrued and not funded and is included in "other expense". At December 31, 1993, funded plan assets related to pensions were 