lities and invited comment by December 7, 1993. A number of interested parties, including Monongahela and Potomac Edison, filed comments. The West Virginia PSC has taken no further action since the filing of comments.
On December 17, 1992, the PUCO issued proposed rules concerning competitive bidding for supply-side resources, transmission access for winning bidders and incentives for the recovery of the cost of purchased power. The PUCO invited comments by March 3, 1993 and reply comments by March 24, 1993. A number of interested parties, including Monongahela, submitted comments. The PUCO has taken no further action following the filing of comments.
Maryland and Virginia have not mandated compulsory competitive bidding at this date.
The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 increased the marginal corporate income tax rate from 34% to 35%, retroactive to January 1, 1993. As a result, the Operating Subsidiaries' income tax expense for 1993 increased by about $3 million.
On June 13, 1990, the Maryland PSC began an investigation to determine whether Potomac Edison's methodology for calculating avoided costs under PURPA is appropriate. On October 11, 1991, the Maryland PSC incorporated this review of avoided costs into a collaborative process already formed between its Staff, the Maryland Department of Natural Resources, Potomac Edison, Eastalco Aluminum, the Maryland Energy Administration, and the Office of People's Counsel. Although the group's primary mission was to avoid litigation by working cooperatively to develop demand- side management programs, the issue of avoided costs was addressed because avoided costs are needed for determining the cost-effectiveness of programs. These negotiations culminated in a Settlement Agreement which was signed by the six parties and filed with the Maryland PSC on October 14, 1993. The Hearing Examiner issued a proposed order accepting the Settlement Agreement on November 17, 1993. The proposed order became final on December 1