evised. See Item 3. If such limits are not revised, these facilities could be placed at a competitive disadvantage compared to other pulp and paper manufacturers.
In 1993, the Company's capital spending for environmental improvements to existing facilities was approximately $25 million. It is currently estimated that the capital spending necessary for such improvements will be approximately $25 million in 1994 and $40 million in 1995, excluding any expenditures that may be required by the matters discussed in the second and third paragraphs above. These amounts do not include the environmental portion of capital expenditures on new projects. Actual expenditures may vary from these dollar estimates due to inflation, additional changes in regulatory requirements or new developments in control technology. As is the case with other companies, capital expenditures on environmental improvements are in addition to the Company's normal expenditures for maintenance and replacement of its plant, and generally result in increased operating costs.
The Company believes that its environmental improvement costs are of the same general magnitude as those of comparable pulp and paper companies. Except as noted in the third paragraph of this section, the more significant environmental regulations appear to be applied more or less uniformly throughout the industry. Assuming that such regulations are applied uniformly in the future, the Company believes that its environmental improvement costs will not have a material adverse impact on its relative competitive position.
See Item 3 for a description of litigation with respect to environmental matters.
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
The Company's capital expenditures (excluding acquisitions and equity investments in unconsolidated international affiliates) during the past five years were as follows:
The Company expects to spend a total of $800 to $900 million on capital projects during the 1994-1995 period. These projects include: approximately $2