EGULATION
General
Regulatory aspects of the gaming business in both Nevada and New Jersey are pervasive in nature and the following description should not be construed as a complete summary of all the regulatory requirements faced by the Company. In both states, gaming authorizations, once obtained, can be suspended or revoked for a variety of reasons. If the Company were ever precluded from operating one of its gaming facilities, it would, to the extent permitted by law, seek to recover its investment by sale of the property affected, but there can be no assurance that the Company would recover its full investment. In addition, the Nevada Gaming Commission (the "Nevada Commission") and the New Jersey Commission have the authority to require a holder or beneficial owner of the Company's securities to be found to be suitable or to qualify under applicable laws or regulations.
From time to time, legislative and regulatory changes are proposed that could be adverse to the Company. In addition, from time to time, investigations are conducted relating to the gaming industry. TropWorld is required to report certain cash transactions to the U.S. Department of the Treasury pursuant to the Bank Secrecy Act. Violation of the reporting requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act could result in civil as well as criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment. The State of Nevada has adopted a regulation similar to the Bank Secrecy Act which requires the Nevada facilities to document and/or report certain currency transactions to the Nevada Board. Violation of this regulation could result in action by the Nevada authorities to fine or revoke, suspend, condition or fail to renew the Nevada facilities' licenses and/or the Company's licensing approval. These reporting requirements are not expected to have any adverse effects on the Company's casino operations.
Regulation and Licensing - Nevada
The ownership and operation of casino gaming facilities in Nevada are subject to: (i) th