e officer. The President reviews all salary recommendations with the Committee, which is responsible for approving or disapproving such recommendations. Salaries paid to the Chief Executive Officer (if any) and the President are determined by the Committee, subject to ratification by the Board of Directors, and are based upon the Committee's subjective evaluation of their contribution to the Company, their performance, and salaries paid by competitors to their chief executive officer and chief operating officer. Prior to January 1, 1990, the President's assessment and the Committee's subsequent approval or disapproval also took into consideration data from comparable industry salary surveys, such as that prepared by Stephens & Associates. From 1990 through March 31, 1994, the only salary increases which were granted occurred in June, 1992, at which time Mr. Cortright, Mrs. Garbis and two other executive officers of the Company were granted salary increases. Such increases were granted in connection with the efforts of these officers in securing over $10,000,000 in new financing for the Company and resolving various regulatory matters with the State of Florida.
ANNUAL INCENTIVE PROGRAM
Although business exigencies and the Company's liquidity situation have required the Company to suspend the granting of awards under the Bonus Plan, and to award bonuses only in certain limited instances where the bonus directly relates to the accomplishment of certain specified corporate and financial objectives, it is the intention of the Committee that an executive's annual compensation consist of a base salary and an annual bonus such as that provided under the Bonus Plan. All executive officers of the Company (except those officers who are otherwise entitled to receive additional compensation) and all managerial employees who meet certain eligibility criteria determined by their level of responsibility are eligible to participate in the Bonus Plan. The Bonus Plan provides for exec