gas supply purchases to ensure it meets the minimum purchase provisions of its gas purchase contracts. As such, management of the Company believes that take-or-pay provisions within its contracts will not have a material adverse impact on the Company's results of operations or consolidated financial position.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
MISSOURI ACQUISITION
On July 9, 1993, Southern Union entered into an Agreement for the Purchase of Assets (the "Missouri Asset Purchase Agreement") with Western Resources, Inc. ("Western Resources"), pursuant to which Southern Union purchased from Western Resources (the "Missouri Acquisition") certain Missouri natural gas distribution operations (the "Missouri Business"). The acquisition was consummated on January 31, 1994 and will be accounted for as a purchase. Southern Union paid approximately $400,300,000 in cash for the Missouri Business. The final determination of the purchase price and all prorations and adjustments are expected to be completed by May 30, 1994.
Southern Union operates the Missouri Business as Missouri Gas Energy, a division of Southern Union which is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri. As of January 31, 1994, Missouri Gas Energy served approximately 472,000 customers in 147 communities in central and western Missouri, including the cities of Kansas City, St. Joseph, Joplin and Monett.
The approval of the Missouri Acquisition by the Missouri Public Service Commission (the "MPSC") was subject to the terms of a stipulation and settlement agreement (the "MPSC Stipulation") among Southern Union, Western Resources, the MPSC staff and all intervenors in the MPSC proceeding. Among other things, the MPSC Stipulation: (i) provides that the Company attain a total debt to total capital ratio that does not exceed Standard and Poor's Corporation's Utility Financial Benchmark ratio for the lowest investment grade investor-owned natural gas distribution company (which, at January 31, 1994, would have been approximately 58%) in orde