 million provision on Kauai loans, the ratio of provision for loan losses to average loans outstanding for the year ended December 31, 1992 would have been 0.07%, which would be consistent with prior years. The allowance for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 1993 includes the additional provision and charge-off of a single commercial loan of $0.3 million, offset by the reversal of $0.6 million in provisions for Kauai loans reclassified as performing. The ratio of provision for loan losses to average loans outstanding for the year ended December 31, 1993 would have been 0.07%, if the reversal of the $0.6 million in provisions for Kauai loans and the additional provision of $0.3 million for the commercial loan were excluded.
INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
In recent years, ASB's investment portfolio has consisted primarily of mortgage-backed securities, federal agency obligations and stock of the FHLB of Seattle.
The following table sets forth the composition of ASB's investment portfolio, excluding mortgage-backed securities to be held-to-maturity, at the dates indicated:
(1) On investments during the year ended December 31.
DEPOSITS AND OTHER SOURCES OF FUNDS
General. Deposits traditionally have been the principal source of ASB's funds for use in lending and other investments. ASB also derives funds from receipt of interest and principal on outstanding loans, borrowings from the FHLB of Seattle, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other sources. ASB borrows on a short-term basis to compensate for seasonal or other reductions in deposit flows. ASB also may borrow on a longer-term basis to support expanded lending or investment activities.
Deposits. ASB's deposits are obtained primarily from residents of Hawaii. In 1993, ASB had average deposits aggregating $2.1 billion. Savings outflow for 1993 was approximately $9 million excluding interest credited to deposit accounts. Savings inflows for 1992 and 1991 were approximately $343 million and $31 million,