INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
Board of Directors, Imo Industries Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Imo Industries Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and shareholders' equity (deficit) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 14(a). These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Imo Industries Inc. and subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set forth herein.
As discussed in Note 12 to the financial statements, in 1992 the Company changed its method of accoun