o.
BRYANT J. TONG, age 39, is Senior Vice President, Financial Operations of PLI. He has been with PLI since 1982. Mr. Tong is responsible for investor services and overall company financial operations. He is also responsible for the technical and administrative operations of the cash management, corporate accounting, partnership accounting, accounting systems, internal controls and tax departments, in addition to Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulatory agency reporting. Prior to his association with PLI, Mr. Tong was Controller-Partnership Accounting with the Robert A. McNeil Corporation for two years and was an auditor with Ernst & Whinney (succeeded by Ernst & Young) from 1977 through 1980. Mr. Tong holds a B.S. in Accounting from the University of California, Berkeley, and is a Certified Public Accountant.
Page 30 of 36
Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant (continued).
Neither the General Partner nor any Executive Officer of the General Partner has any family relationship with the others.
Phoenix Leasing Incorporated or its affiliates and the executive officers of the General Partner serve in a similar capacity to the following affiliated limited partnerships:
Phoenix Leasing American Business Fund, L.P. Phoenix Leasing Cash Distribution Fund V, L.P. Phoenix Income Fund, L.P. Phoenix High Tech/High Yield Fund Phoenix Leasing Cash Distribution Fund IV Phoenix Leasing Cash Distribution Fund III Phoenix Leasing Cash Distribution Fund Phoenix Leasing Capital Assurance Fund Phoenix Leasing Income Fund VII Phoenix Leasing Income Fund VI Phoenix Leasing Growth Fund 1982 Phoenix Leasing Income Fund 1982-4 Phoenix Leasing Income Fund 1982-3 Phoenix Leasing Income Fund 1982-2 Phoenix Leasing Income Fund 1982-1 Phoenix Leasing Income Fund 1981 Phoenix Leasing Income Fund 1980 Phoenix Leasing Income Fund 1977 and Phoenix Leasing Income Fund 1975
Item 11.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
Set forth is the information relating to all dire