rporate expenses and eliminations. At December 31, 1993, the assets of the electric utilities represented approximately 38% of the total assets of the Company, excluding assets at the corporate level and eliminations. For additional information about the electric utilities, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," incorporated herein by reference to pages 29 to 39 of HEI's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, portions of which are filed herein as HEI Exhibit 13(a) and pages 3 to 9 of HECO's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholder, portions of which are filed herein as HECO Exhibit 13(b).
The islands of Oahu, Maui, Lanai, Molokai and Hawaii have a combined population estimated at 1,104,000, or approximately 95% of the population of the State of Hawaii, and cover a service area of 5,766 square miles. The principal communities served include Honolulu (on Oahu), Wailuku and Kahului (on Maui) and Hilo and Kona (on Hawaii). The service areas also include numerous suburban communities, resorts, U.S. Armed Forces installations and agricultural operations.
HECO, MECO and HELCO have nonexclusive franchises from the state covering certain areas and authorizing them to construct, operate and maintain facilities over and under public streets and sidewalks. HECO's franchise covers the City & County of Honolulu, MECO's franchises cover the islands of Maui, Lanai and Molokai in the County of Maui and the small County of Kalawao on the island of Molokai, and HELCO's franchise covers the County of Hawaii. Each of these franchises will continue in effect for an indefinite period of time until forfeited, altered, amended or repealed.
SALES OF ELECTRICITY
HECO, MECO and HELCO provide the only electric public utility service on the islands they serve. The following table sets forth the numberEof their electric customer accounts as of December 31, 1993, 1992 and 1991 and their electric sales revenues for each of the years then ended:
(1) Includ