with PSD regulations at the company's Millport facility. The company and North Carolina's Division of Environmental Management have entered into a consent agreement for its Elkin, North Carolina facility involving penalties of $140,000 and are currently negotiating a separate consent agreement for its Moncure, North Carolina facility involving penalties of $140,000. The company has signed a consent agreement including penalties of $140,000 relating to PSD issues at the company's Wright City, Oklahoma facility with the State of Oklahoma Department of Environmental Quality. The company is negotiating a consent agreement with the State of Arkansas concerning PSD related issues for two facilities in that state involving $375,000 in total penalties for both facilities. Region V of the EPA has issued a Notice of Violation for permit violations at the company's Grayling, Michigan facility. The company is negotiating settlement of those alleged permit violations and other PSD related issues with the Michigan Department of Natural Resources and the EPA that may involve penalties of up to $416,000. In September 1992, the EPA issued a Section 114 Request for Information concerning PSD compliance at the company's oriented strand board and medium density fiberboard mills. In June 1993, the EPA issued a similar Section 114 request for the company's plywood and particleboard mills. The company is also undertaking a review of its pulp and paper facilities for PSD compliance.
Weyerhaeuser Company and Subsidiaries
Part I Item 3. Legal Proceedings - Continued
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On April 9, 1993, the company entered into a Stipulated Final Order (SFO) with the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality for alleged air emissions in excess of permit levels and PSD noncompliance at the company's North Bend, Oregon containerboard facility. The SFO establishes a compliance schedule for installing control technology. A supplementa