ncluding determining the level of interest that other companies may have in acquiring COPCO. The Company has expressed an interest to PECO in acquiring COPCO and will seek to participate in an acquisition process if such a process is commenced. See "Other Regulatory Matters--Conowingo Power Company" on page I-15 for a further discussion of certain regulatory proceedings related to COPCO in which the Company has intervened.
Although the Energy Act permits competition for wholesale customers only, competitive forces exist within the retail market and are expected to increase. Large retail customers (i.e. commercial and industrial customers) have choices to reduce their energy costs, including self-generation and relocation to the service territories of other utilities with lower rates. In addition, regulatory authorities may permit the retail wheeling of electricity, thereby permitting utilities and non-utility generators to compete to serve large retail customers currently served by a particular utility. The Company is positioned well for these competitive forces. The Company's prices for large retail customers are among the lowest in the region and are competitive with alternative sources of energy such as self-generation. The Company's average price for commercial customers in 1992 was 7.04 cents per kilowatt hour (kwh) compared to a regional average of 8.64 cents per kwh. The Company's average price for industrial customers in 1992 was 4.63 cents per kwh compared to a regional average of 6.59 cents per kwh. These regional averages are based on 1992 data for 27 utilities within a 300 mile radius of the Company. In order to keep customer prices competitive, the Company is stepping up its efforts to reduce costs.
The Company believes it should have the ability to offer flexible pricing in order to compete to serve large retail customers. Such changes in pricing methods could require modification to the existing regulatory process. In Delaware, the Governor has conven