al risks of foreign currency fluctuations; however, to the extent practical, Measurex attempts to minimize the exposure from losses associated with such risks with foreign exchange contracts and other hedging activities. See Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Foreign Currency Translation and Foreign Exchange Contracts) and Interest Income and Other in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders.
ITEM 2.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Located in Cupertino, California, the Company's headquarters, offices, research and manufacturing plant total 360,000 square feet. The offices, research and manufacturing operations of Measurex Management Systems Division are located in a 43,000 square-foot facility in Cincinnati, Ohio. The U.S. Sales and Service Headquarters are located in a 32,000 square-foot facility in Atlanta, Georgia. All of these facilities are owned by the Company. Measurex leases office space for sales and service operations throughout the United States and various other countries.
The Measurex Devron Division owns two facilities for its offices, research and manufacturing operations, totaling 94,000 square feet in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. In Waterford, Ireland, the Company owns a 60,000 square-foot manufacturing facility and leases 20,000 square feet for manufacturing and storage facilities.
Roibox Oy leases an 11,000 square-foot facility in Kuopio, Finland for manufacturing, engineering, and sales support.
During 1993, the Company was productively utilizing the space in its facilities, while disposing of space determined to be under-utilized. The Company believes current facilities provide adequate production capacity to meet the Company's planned business activities.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
There are no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries are a party or of which any of their property is the subject, other than ordinary routine litiga