ental and municipal sectors and to nonaffiliated utilities accounted for the balance of energy sales. During 1993, GSU's electric department sales as a percentage of total GSU energy sales were: residential - 25.5%; commercial - 20.3%; and industrial - 50.8%. Electric revenues from these sectors as a percentage of total GSU electric revenues were: 33.5% - residential; 23.8% - commercial; and 37.2% - industrial. Sales to governmental and municipal sectors and to nonaffiliated utilities accounted for the balance of GSU's energy sales. The System's major industrial customers are in the chemical processing, petroleum refining, paper products, and food products industries.
Entergy Corporation also owns all of the outstanding common stock of System Energy, Entergy Services, Entergy Operations, Entergy Power, and Entergy Enterprises. System Energy is a nuclear generating company that was incorporated under the laws of the State of Arkansas in 1974. System Energy sells the capacity and energy at wholesale from its 90% interest in Grand Gulf 1 to its only customers, AP&L, LP&L, MP&L, and NOPSI (see "Capital Requirements and Future Financing - - Certain System Financial and Support Agreements - Unit Power Sales Agreement," below). System Energy has approximately a 78.5% ownership interest and an 11.5% leasehold interest in Grand Gulf 1. Entergy Services provides general executive and advisory services, and accounting, engineering, and other technical services to certain of the System companies, generally at cost. Entergy Operations is a nuclear management company that operates ANO, River Bend, Waterford 3, and Grand Gulf 1, subject to the owner oversight of AP&L, GSU, LP&L, and System Energy, respectively. Entergy Power, an independent power producer, owns 809 MW of generating capacity and markets its capacity and energy in the wholesale market outside Arkansas and Missouri and in markets not otherwise presently served by the System. (For further information on regulatory pro