 entered in favor of BFC and the complaint was dismissed. No appeal was taken from the judgment and it is now final.
Alan B. Levan and BFC Financial Corporation v. Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. and William H. Wilson, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Case No. 92-325-Civ-Atkins. On November 29, 1991, The ABC television program 20/20 broadcast a story about Alan B. Levan and BFC which purportedly depicted some securities transactions in which they were involved. The story contained numerous false and defamatory statements about the Company and Mr. Levan and, February 7, 1992, a defamation lawsuit was filed on behalf of the Company and Mr. Levan against Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. and William H. Wilson, the producer of the broadcast. In July 1993, a magistrate recommended that summary judgment be entered against Mr. Levan on their defamation claims. Objections to and an appeal from that recommendation were filed with the presiding judge. Such appeal remains pending.
On March 21, 1988, an action captioned Elliot Borkson, et al. vs. Alan Levan, Jack Abdo and BankAtlantic, Case No. 88-12063, was filed by a group of approximately 54 shareholders of BankAtlantic in the Circuit Court of the Eleventh Judicial Circuit in and for Dade County, Florida. The complaint alleges that Messrs. Levan and Abdo breached their fiduciary duties as directors of BankAtlantic by disregarding the rights of minority shareholders under a certain option agreement between BFC and a third party dated April 9, 1986, by taking actions to depress the value of BankAtlantic's stock, by denying access to BankAtlantic's books and records and by allegedly wasting corporate assets. BankAtlantic is a nominal party to the proceeding. Plaintiffs seek punitive damages of $10.0 million, compensatory damages, attorneys' fees, costs and injunctive relief. Discovery is proceeding and the defendants are vigorously defending the action. No trial date has been set.
Counsel has obtained a