years old. After that time and while this Agreement is in force, the following shall occur:
1. the beneficiary of the Employee's death benefit shall be the employee's spouse;
2. in the event of the Employee's death, the Employer shall be entitled to Policy proceeds equal to the total Policy proceeds in excess of the amount due to the Employee pursuant to this Section, above; and
3. if the employee is not married, he/she is entitled to no death benefit while this agreement is in force.
E. Policy Cash Values The Employee shall be entitled to cash values of the Policy in excess of the premiums paid by the Employer pursuant to Section B, Above, but not to exceed the death benefits to which he/she is entitled under Section D, above. If the Employee is not married, he/she shall be entitled to cash values determined as if he/she were married.
The Employer shall be entitled to Policy cash values in excess of the amount due to the Employee under this Section, above.
F. Procedure at Employee's Death Upon the death of the Employee while the Policy and this Agreement are in force and subject to the provisions of Parts I and II hereof, the Employer shall promptly take all necessary steps, including rendering of such assistance as may reasonably be required, to obtain payment from the Insurer of the amounts payable under the Policy to the respective parties, as provided under Section D, above.
G. Termination of Agreement Part I of this Agreement shall terminate when the first of any of the following events occur: 1. Termination of the Employee's employment with the Employer prior to retirement; 2. The later of the Employee's actual retirement or ten years from the date of issuance of the policy; 3. Performance of the Agreement's terms following the death of the Employee; 4. Failure by the Employer, for any reason, to make the premium contributions required under Section B of this Agreement.
H. Disposition of Policy Upon Termination of Agreement Upon the termination of Part I of t