ng techniques: requiring borrowers to agree not to cause or permit the storage, disposal or presence of hazardous substances; by training its lending personnel to recognize the signs of environmental problems when they inspect properties; by requiring borrowers to represent and warrant that properties securing loans do not contain hazardous waste, asbestos or other such substances; by requiring borrowers to indemnify St. Paul Federal, with personal recourse, against environmental losses; by obtaining reports from consulting engineers on all loans to facilitate the sale of real estate owned or secured by non-residential properties and on 5-35 unit residential properties or where the loan exceeds $1 million; and by obtaining further environmental reviews and tests where indicated by information obtained from borrowers or from property inspections or otherwise. No assurance can be given, however, that the value of properties securing loans in the Bank's portfolio will not be adversely affected by the presence of
hazardous materials or that future changes in federal or state laws will not increase St. Paul Federal's exposure to liability for environmental cleanup.
Consumer Loans. Federal regulations permit federally chartered savings institutions to make secured and unsecured consumer loans up to 30% of the institution's total assets. In addition, a federal savings institution has lending authority above the 30% limitation for certain consumer loans, such as home equity loans (loans secured by equity in the borrower's residence but not necessarily for the purpose of improvement), property improvement loans and deposit account secured loans. At December 31, 1993, the Bank's consumer loans totaled $19.7 million, or 0.53% of assets. St. Paul Federal originates automobile loans, home improvement loans, education loans, and personal loans that are made to depositors on the security of their deposit accounts. The Bank also offers credit card services through an agency agreeme