es: Northwestern Institute of Psychiatry in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania (146 licensed beds), Malvern Institute for Psychiatric and Alcohol Studies in Malvern, Pennsylvania (36 licensed beds), and Pinelands Hospital in Nacogdoches, Texas (40 licensed beds).
The HGA facilities provide intensive and structured treatment for children, adolescents and adults suffering from a variety of mental illnesses and/or chemical dependencies. Services include comprehensive psychiatric and chemical dependency evaluations, inpatient and outpatient treatment and partial hospitalization. In response to market demands for an expanded continuum of care, HGA is in the process of expanding its outpatient and partial hospitalization programs.
The following is a comparison of certain statistical data relating to inpatient treatment for fiscal years 1991, 1992 and 1993 for the psychiatric facilities owned by HGA:
- ------------
(1) Reflects operations of HGA when owned by Nu-Med and, after May 29, 1992, by TCC.
Each psychiatric facility is accredited by the Joint Commission of Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO), a voluntary national organization which periodically undertakes a comprehensive review of a facility's staff, programs, physical plant and policies and procedures for purposes of accreditation of such healthcare facility. Accreditation generally is required for patients to receive insurance company reimbursement and for participation by the facility in government sponsored provider programs.
HGA periodically conducts audits of the facilities of its subsidiaries to ensure compliance with applicable practices, procedures and regulations. In the course of an ongoing audit that was recently commenced, HGA has learned that there may be certain irregularities at Hampton Hospital (the primary facility operated by HGA's subsidiary, Hospital Group of New Jersey, Inc.) with respect to certain billings for clinical services. The provision of clinical services at Hampton Hospital