 of its North American distributors are independently owned and operated. The Company has agreements with each of these distributors, which typically are for a term of three years, subject to certain termination provisions. Upon termination or expiration of the agreement, the Company is obligated to purchase various assets of the distributorship. Through an arrangement with Citicorp Dealer Finance, a unit of Citicorp North America, the Company also guarantees certain financing obligations of some of these distributors.
There are approximately 5,700 locations in North America, primarily owned and operated by OEMs or their dealers, at which Cummins-trained service personnel and parts are available to maintain and repair Cummins engines. The Company's parts distribution centers are located strategically throughout the world.
Supply ~~~~~~
The Company machines many of the components used in its engines, including blocks, heads, rods, turbochargers, crankshafts and fuel systems. Cummins has adequate sources of supply of raw materials and components required for its operations.
International ~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Cummins sells its products to major international firms outside North America by exports directly from the United States and shipments from foreign facilities (operated through subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures or licensees) which manufacture and/or assemble Cummins' products. The Company's international operations are subject to risks such as currency controls and fluctuations, import restrictions and changes in national governments and policies.
The Company has entered into license agreements that provide for the manufacture and sale of licensed engines and engine components for use in certain territories prescribed in the respective agreements. In addition, licensees produce engines and engine components which are available to help meet demand for Cummins' products in the rest of the world.
The paragraph under Item 1, "Overview", on page 2 on international mark