nying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. During the past three fiscal years, the Company has suffered significant losses and negative cash flows. In addition, as discussed in Note 18 to the financial statements the Company is exposed to contingent liabilities related to a criminal conviction and a Securities and Exchange Commission action. Such losses, negative cash flows, and contingent liabilities raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.
The Company is unable to predict the effect, if any, of the uncertainty concerning the Parent's ability to continue as a going concern on its financial condition or results of operations. The aforementioned factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company or its Parent is unable to continue as a going concern.
HOSPITAL GROUP OF AMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF THE COOPER COMPANIES, INC.) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED) YEAR ENDED OCTOBER 31, 1993 AND PERIOD FROM MAY 30, 1992 TO OCTOBER 31, 1992
I. Subsequent Event
Pursuant to a pledge agreement dated as of January 6, 1994, between the Parent and the trustee for the holders of a new class of debt issued by the Parent (the 'Notes'), the Parent has pledged a first priority security interest in all of its right, title and interest in stock of the Company, all additional shares of stock of, or other equity interest in, the Company from time to time acquired by the Parent, all intercompany indebtedness of the Company from time to time held by the Parent and except as set forth in the indenture governing the Notes, the proceeds receiv