ntial environmental concerns may make taking title to the property untenable.
The OTS is reviewing the amount, and procedures utilized in the acquisition and administration of tax certificates by savings institutions. The purpose of such review is believed to be the establishment of specific regulatory guidelines and procedures so as to insure safety and soundness, generally. BankAtlantic has participated with the OTS in this review and, based upon current practices, BankAtlantic believes its procedures comply with applicable safety and soundness requirements. Additionally, the Southeast Regional Office of the OTS requested that BankAtlantic limit its purchases of tax certificates at 1993 tax certificate auctions to an aggregate amount not to exceed $85 million. Based on market conditions, BankAtlantic purchased only approximately $64 million in tax certificates at auctions in 1993. BankAtlantic is also aware that on November 17, 1992, the FDIC issued an Interpretive Letter stating its view that it constitutes an unsafe or unsound banking practice for a non-member commercial bank to invest in tax certificates. Although the FDIC currently has supervisory and examination jurisdiction with respect to thrifts such as BankAtlantic (see "Regulation and Supervision"), BankAtlantic is unaware of any similar statement published by the FDIC concerning investments in tax certificates by savings banks. BankAtlantic has been advised that the FDIC may be preparing or may have issued a memorandum or policy statement concerning tax certificates and has made a request under the Freedom of Information Act to obtain a copy of any such memorandum or policy statement. However, to date, the FDIC has not made any such memorandum or policy statement publicly available. If the FDIC or the OTS were to make a determination in the future that such investments are improper, either regulator could seek to impose restrictions or sanctions, prohibit or limit investments in tax certificates or requ