 support its operations, management of the company believes that its facilities are adequate for its present operations and for the foreseeable future.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The company is a party in a case brought by Exxon Corporation and its affiliates, Exxon Chemical Patents, Inc. and Exxon Research & Engineering Company, in the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division on September 19, 1989. In December 1992, the trial jury rendered a verdict that the company willfully infringed an Exxon patent pertaining to an oil soluble copper additive component. In early 1993, the court prohibited the company from making or selling any additive packages in the United States that contained this component and awarded Exxon $18.1 million for attorneys' fees. On November 18, 1993, another jury in the same case awarded Exxon $48 million in damages. The findings of infringement and validity of the Exxon patent as well as the $18.1 million attorneys' fee award are on appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington, D.C., which has jurisdiction over all patent cases. Oral argument in this appeal was heard on December 6, 1993, and a decision may be forthcoming in 1994. On February 18, 1994, acting on a request from Exxon that the damages amount be tripled, the trial court judge doubled the damages amount and awarded prejudgment interest, court costs and additional attorneys' fees to Exxon. The total amount of the judgment, including the previously awarded attorneys' fees, is $129 million. The company has the right to appeal the February 1994 damages award to the same court in Washington, D.C., as is considering the appeal of the original verdict.
The company's management continues to believe that it has not infringed the Exxon patent and that the patent is invalid. Based on the advice of legal counsel, management believes that the December 1992 trial court judgment will not be upheld on appeal.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO