s Board of Trustees voted to retain BCM as the Trust's advisor. BCM has served as the Trust's advisor since March 1989. Prior to December 22, 1989, Messrs. Phillips and Friedman also served as directors of BCM. Mr. Phillips served as chief executive officer of BCM until September 1, 1992 and Mr. Friedman served as President of BCM until May 1, 1993. BCM is beneficially owned by a trust for the benefit of the children of Mr. Phillips, who served as a Trustee of the Trust until December 7, 1992. At the Trust's annual meeting of shareholders held on April 26, 1993, the Trust's shareholders approved the renewal of the Trust's advisory agreement with BCM. BCM has resigned as advisor to the Trust effective March 31, 1994.
On February 10, 1994, the Trust's Board of Trustees selected Tarragon to replace BCM as the Trust's advisor. Commencing April 1, 1994, Tarragon will provide advisory services to the Trust under an advisory agreement. Mr. Friedman serves as a director and Chief Executive Officer of Tarragon. Tarragon is owned by Lucy N. Friedman, Mr. Friedman's wife, and Mr. Doyle, who serves as a director, President and Chief Operating Officer of Tarragon and Trustee and Executive Vice President of the Trust. Mr. Friedman's family owns approximately 30% of the outstanding shares of the Trust.
The provisions of the Trust's advisory agreement with Tarragon are substantially the same as to those of the BCM advisory agreement except for the annual base advisory fee and the elimination of the net income fee. The Tarragon advisory agreement calls for an annual base advisory fee of $100,000 plus an incentive advisory fee equal to 16% of the Trust's adjusted funds from operations before deduction of the advisory fee. Adjusted funds from operations is defined as net income (loss) before gains or losses from the sales of properties and debt restructurings plus depreciation and amortization plus any loss due to the writedown or sale of any real property or mortgage loan acquired pr