perty. This adjacent property was placed on Colorado's list of leaking underground storage tanks. A second potential source of contamination is a nearby tract on which a service station was formerly operated. The owner of the adjacent property is currently conducting studies under the direction of the Colorado Department of Health in an attempt to define the contamination and institute an appropriate plan to address the situation. At this time, management does not anticipate any exposure to the Trust relative to this issue.
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
Effective February 7, 1994, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized, contingent upon approval of the Merger, the issuance of rights ("Rights") to each Stockholder following the Merger. As currently contemplated, each Stockholder will be entitled to receive one Right for each share of Common Stock owned on a record date to be determined by the Board of Directors. The Rights, if issued, will entitle the Stockholders to purchase additional shares of Common Stock at a price below the then-current market price, such price to be set by the Board of Directors at the time of issuance. Such Rights would be exercisable for a fixed period of time that has yet to be determined. Although the Board of Directors has authorized the issuance of the Rights, the Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine in the future not to issue the Rights based upon current or anticipated market and economic conditions or other factors.
Pursuant to proxy materials dated March 25, 1994, the Trust has submitted for Shareholder approval a proposal to merge the Trust into American Industrial Properties REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Trust (the "Company"), at a Special Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 10, 1994. Under the proposal (a) every five Shares will be converted into one share of Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share ("Common Stock"); (b) persons that will hold a fracti