c Edison with the two PURPA developers. On August 9, 1993, the West Virginia PSC deconsolidated the two cases. Following the West Virginia Supreme Court's denial of a petition for review of this order, both developers requested the start of negotiations. Monongahela and Potomac Edison cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.
On November 16, 1992, Potomac Edison and the developer of a proposed cogeneration project located in Cumberland, Maryland, requested that the Maryland PSC approve an amendment to a previously approved agreement for the sale of 180 MW of capacity and associated energy from the project to Potomac Edison. The amendment provides for the relocation of the proposed project within the Cumberland area; a delay of one year in the project's earliest in-service date to October 1, 1996, without increase in the initial capacity rate (which otherwise escalates annually at one-half the rate of actual inflation); and other changes consistent with the site and in-service date modifications. The Maryland PSC commenced an investigation of the amendment in December 1992. After hearings, the parties reached a settlement which was approved by the Maryland PSC on March 17, 1993. The settlement agreement resulted in a further delay of the project's in-service date to October 1, 1999, modified the initial capacity rate with only a slight escalation, and provided that Potomac Edison would pay, and recover from customers by a surcharge, a portion of the project's costs resulting from the delay. On December 22, 1993, the Maryland PSC approved the surcharge and these costs are being recovered from customers effective January 1, 1994.
As previously reported, effective March 1, 1989, West Virginia enacted a new method for calculating the Business and Occupation Tax (B & O Tax) on electricity generated in that state, which disproportionately increased the B & O Tax on shipments of electricity to other states. In 1989, West Penn, the Pennsylvania Consumer Advocate, and 