penalties and interest for the tax return years under audit. In addition, significant transactions similar to those which gave rise to such possible adjustments occurred in years subsequent to 1990. The Company, on the basis of the opinion of legal counsel, believes the tax returns are substantially correct as filed and intends to vigorously contest any adjustments which have been or may be assessed. Accordingly, the Company had not recorded any loss contingency at December 31, 1993, with respect to such matters. Under German tax law the authorities may demand immediate payment of a tax assessment prior to final resolution of the issues. The Company also believes, on the basis of opinion of legal counsel, that it is highly likely that a suspension of payment will be obtained if additional taxes are assessed. However, if payment is required the Company expects that it will be able to meet such payment from available sources of liquidity or credit support but that future cash flows and capital expenditures, and therefore subsequent results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period, could be adversely affected.
Capital Expenditures
The Company's capital expenditures for 1993 amounted to $98 million, including investments of $8 million in affiliated companies. The amount
of capital expenditures was $10 million less than in 1992 ($6 million less excluding the effects of foreign exchange). Decreases in capital spending by Plumbing Products and Transportation Products were partly offset by an increase in spending by Air Conditioning Products. The Company believes capital spending was sufficient for maintenance purposes, for important product and process redesigns, for expansion projects, and for strategic investments.
Capital expenditures by Air Conditioning Products were $38 million in 1993. This amount was 15% more than that of 1992. Capital expenditures in 1993 included continuing projects related to Demand Flow and spending on new products such as the