 products for mining, agricultural, electronic, paper and other industries. Sales to customers of this segment, which primarily include coal mining companies throughout the United States and farmers in Texas, Missouri and Tennessee, are generally unsecured.
Environmental Control
This business segment manufactures and sells a variety of air handling and heat pump products for use in commercial and residential air conditioning and heating systems. Sales to customers of this segment, which primarily include original equipment manufacturers, contractors and independent sales representatives located throughout the world, are generally secured by a mechanic s lien, except for sales to original equipment manufacturers, which are generally unsecured.
Financial Services (See Note 1 for Discussion of Proposed Sale of Equity Bank)
This segment provides a wide variety of financial services to various customers, located primarily in Oklahoma. See Notes 2, 4 and 5 for a more complete discussion of the Financial Services Business, customers and other matters.
Industrial Products
This segment purchases and sells machine tools and industrial supplies to machine tool dealers and end users throughout the world. Sales of industrial supplies are generally unsecured, whereas the Company generally retains a security interest in machine tools sold until payment is received.
Automotive Products
This segment manufactures and sells, generally on an unsecured basis, anti-friction bearings and other products for automotive applications to wholesalers, retailers and original equipment manufacturers located throughout the world.
For all but the Financial Services Business for which credit granting is discussed in Note 5, credit is extended to customers based on an evaluation of the customer s financial condition and other factors. Credit losses are provided for in the financial statements based on historical experience and periodic assessment of outstanding accounts receivable, particularly those