----------------- -------------- Jack E. Golsen $175,000 Barry H. Golsen $ 30,000 David R. Goss $ 35,000 Tony M. Shelby $ 35,000 David M. Shear $ 0
In addition to the above-described plans, during 1991 the Company entered into a non-qualified arrangement with certain key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to provide compensation to such individuals in the event that they are employed by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company at age 65. Under the plan, the employee will be eligible to receive for the life of such employee, a designated benefit as set forth in the plan. In addition, if prior to attaining the age 65 the employee dies while in the employment of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company, the designated beneficiary of the employee will receive a monthly benefit for a period of ten (10) years. The agreement with each employee provides, in addition to being subject to other terms and conditions set forth in the agreement, that the Company may terminate the agreement as to any employee at any time prior to
the employee's death. The Company has purchased insurance on the life of each employee covered under the plan where the Company is the owner and sole beneficiary of the insurance policy, with the proceeds payable to the Company to provide a source of funds for the Company's obligations under the plan. The Company may also fund a portion of the benefits by investing the proceeds of such insurance policies. Under the terms of the plan, if the employee becomes disabled while in the employment of the company or a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, the employee may request the Company to cash-in any life insurance on the life of such employee purchased to fund the Company's obligations under the plan. Jack E. Golsen does not participate in the plan. The following table sets forth the amounts of annual benefits payable to the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table set forth above under such retirement plan.
Amount of Name