en down into four distinctly independent industries. Cable
television represents 43.9% of total outstanding with Wireless representing 31.4%, Publishing and Newspapers, 18.5% and Broadcasting, 6.2%. With the exception of Wireless, these are mature industries with most loans representing the purchase and/or expansion of existing companies and systems. Wireless is a rapidly emerging industry with many of the loans representing the establishment of relatively new systems. Most of the loans to the Communications Industries are multibank facilities.
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE
The Corporation's commercial real estate outstandings were $1.2 billion at December 31, 1993, representing 23.9% of total loans, an increase of $2.4 million from December 31, 1992. While the absolute levels of the portfolio outstandings did not change appreciably, the product mix continued to shift to a greater concentration in commercial mortgages. This change is attributed to completed construction properties converting to permanent commercial mortgages as well as the scarcity of viable new construction business.
The Corporation's commercial real estate loan portfolio represents loans secured primarily by real property, other than loans secured by mortgages on 1- 4 family residential properties. Commercial real estate would include the loan categories presented in the following table.
Commercial Real Estate Outstandings
The commercial real estate portfolio is well diversified by project type and geographic location as illustrated in the following two tables. At December 31, 1993, office buildings comprised the largest portion of the commercial real estate portfolio representing 26.9% of total loans outstanding and other real estate owned. Industrial warehouse and other commercial properties at 16.2% and retail properties at 14.3% also comprise a significant portion of the commercial real estate portfolio.
Loans Secured by Real Estate and Other Assets Owned by Property Type
As the following table indic