- INDUSTRY SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED) operations of each segment. Corporate identifiable assets include cash, land, buildings and equipment used in conjunction with corporate activities, and sundry assets. Financial information by segment is as follows:
J -- CONTINGENCIES From time to time, the Company is involved in proceedings related to environmental matters. In one instance, the United States Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has directed one of the Company's subsidiaries to investigate potential releases into the environment and, if necessary, to perform corrective action. The subsidiary appealed the EPA's action and the outcome cannot be reasonably predicted. Costs to perform the actions directed by the EPA, if the outcome is unfavorable, cannot be reasonably estimated. One-half of any such costs would be reimbursed to the Company under a contractual obligation of a former joint owner of the subsidiary. No provision for costs of performing investigation and corrective action, if ultimately required, have been recorded in the Company's financial statements. If any such investigation and corrective action is required, management believes the possibility of incurring unreimbursed costs, with a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition or results of operations, is remote.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Leggett & Platt, Incorporated:
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of earnings, changes in shareholders' equity and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Leggett & Platt, Incorporated and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of 