ars have been reclassified to conform with statement presentations for 1993. The reclassifications have no effect on the financial position or results of operations as previously reported.
Cash Equivalents - Cash and due from depository institutions include demand deposits at other financial institutions and federal funds sold. Generally, federal funds are sold for one-day periods. Tax Certificates, Other Investment Securities and Mortgage-Backed Securities - Tax certificates, other investment securities and mortgage-backed securities held for investment are carried at cost. Amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts is based on the interest method which for mortgage- backed securities relates to the estimated remaining lives of the underlying loans. Mortgage-backed securities available for sale are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or market value. The held for investment classification includes only those securities that management has both the intent and ability to hold until maturity. The available for sale category would include all securities that BankAtlantic may elect to sell when events which were not reasonably foreseeable at the time of acquisition make a sale advisable including such events as changes in the interest rate environment, changes in BankAtlantic's interest rate position and sensitivity gap, nature of other available investments, and existing and proposed regulatory requirements make such sales likely. Securities transferred to the available for sale category are transferred at the lower of aggregate cost or market value. Any excess of aggregate cost over market is charged to operations at the time of transfer. Gains or losses on sales of securities are determined by the specific identification method. Allowance for Loan Losses - The allowance for loan losses represents the total amount available to absorb loan losses. Management believes that the allowance for loan losses is adequate. The allowance is based on management's eval