 statements. Upon receipt of a favorable order from the court, substantially all of the net proceeds will be used to retire debt (see Note 6).
(c) The Company is the holder of mortgage notes receivable with a book value of $50,670,000 secured primarily by 11 hotel properties operated by the Company under management agreements and $14,653,000 in mortgages secured primarily by 4 properties operated under lease agreements. These notes currently bear interest at rates ranging from 8.5% to 14.0% and mature through 2003. The mortgages were primarily derived from the sales of hotel properties. Many of the 11 managed properties were unable to pay in full the annual debt service required under the terms of the original mortgages. The Company has restructured approximately $36,500,000 of these loans to pay based upon available cash and a participation in the future excess cash flow of such hotel properties. The restructurings generally include a "senior portion" featuring defined payment terms, and a "junior portion" payable annually based on cash flow. The junior portion represents the difference between the original mortgage and the new senior portion and provides the Company the opportunity to recover that difference if the hotel's performance improves. In addition to the junior portions of the restructured mortgages, the Company holds junior or other cash flow mortgages and subordinated interests in 19 other hotel properties operated by the Company under management agreements.
The Company's consolidated balance sheets do not reflect any value related to the junior portion of the restructured notes or the junior mortgages and subordinated interests on the 19 other hotels as there is substantial doubt that the Company will recover any of their face value. During 1993, the Company recognized $976,000 of interest income related to these mortgages due to excess cash flow on certain properties attributable to decreased interest expense on variable rate borrowings senior to the 