ses are granted, unserved areas within markets previously granted to licensees may be applied for by both wireline and nonwireline entities and by third parties. The FCC established 1993 filing dates for filing "unserved area" applications in MSAs in which the five-year period had expired and many unserved area applications were filed in certain MSAs. The Company's strategy with respect to system construction in its markets has been and will be to build cells covering every area within such markets that the Company considers economically feasible to serve or might conceivably wish to serve and to do so within the five-year period following issuance of the license.
The Company is also subject to state and local regulation in some instances. In 1981, the FCC preempted the states from exercising jurisdiction in the areas of licensing, technical standards and market structure. However, certain states require cellular system operators to go through a state certification process to serve communities within their borders. All such certificates can be revoked for cause. In addition, certain state authorities regulate several aspects of a cellular operator's business, including the rates it charges its customers and cellular resellers, the resale of long-distance service to its customers, the technical arrangements and charges for interconnection with the landline network and
the transfer of interests in cellular systems. The siting and construction of the cellular facilities, including transmitter towers, antennas and equipment shelters may also be subject to state or local zoning, land use and other local regulations. Public utility or public service commissions (or certain of the commissioners) in several states have expressed an interest in examining whether the cellular industry should be more closely regulated by such states.
COMPETITION
The Company's only facilities-based competitor for cellular telephone service in each market is the licensee of the second cellular s