ed to negotiate a further restructuring and resolve claims by the Trust against the Pacific Mutual Lenders. Finally, on August 2, 1993, the Trust filed its petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U. S. Bankruptcy Code.
In September 1993 the United States Trustee ("UST") appointed an Official Committee of Holders of Equity Interests ("Equity Holders Committee") and an Official Committee of Creditors Holding Unsecured Claims ("Creditors Committee"). Both the Equity Holders Committee and the Creditors Committee have undertaken significant involvement in many aspects of the Chapter 11 case, including evaluation of the Trust's business operations and of reorganization alternatives.
On March 30, 1994, the Trust filed with the Court a Plan of Reorganization and Disclosure Statement. Thereafter, there were a number of further discussions and negotiations between the Trust and the Pacific Mutual Lenders regarding settlement. On May 13, 1994, the Trust, together with the Equity Holders' Committee and the Pacific Mutual Lenders (collectively, together with the Trust, the "Plan Proponents") filed with the Court a First Amended Plan of Reorganization and a Disclosure Statement with respect thereto.
July 21, 1994
On June 3, 1994, the Plan Proponents filed with the Court a Second Amended Plan of Reorganization and a Disclosure Statement with respect thereto. On June 9, 1994, the Plan Proponents and the Creditors Committee as an additional proponent filed with the Court a Third Amended Plan and related Disclosure Statement. The Third Amended Plan provided for, inter alia: (a) the restructuring of virtually all of the Trust's secured and unsecured debt; (b) the reduction in the number of Common Shares held by current shareholders from approximately 25,100,000 shares to approximately 2,450,000 shares (effectively, a reverse stock split); and the issuance of approximately 2,550,000 new Common Shares, as well as a new class of Preferred Shares, of the Trust to the Pacific M