 it believes GSU to be a PRP for cleanup of the site based on its past ownership. GSU has advised the EPA that it does not believe that it has such responsibility. GSU has pursued negotiations with the EPA and is a member of a task force made up of other PRP's for the voluntary cleanup of the waste site. A Consent Decree has been signed by all parties. Because additional wastes have been discovered at the site since the original cleanup costs were estimated, the total costs for the voluntary cleanup are unknown. However, it is estimated that cleanup will exceed $15.0 million. GSU has negotiated a responsible share of 2.26% of the estimated cleanup cost. Federal and state agencies are presently examining potential liabilities associated with natural resource damages. This matter is currently under negotiation with the other PRP's and the agencies. Remediation of the site is expected to be completed in 1996.
In March 1993, GSU completed its cleanup activities at a site in Houston, Texas, which is included in the NPL. On September 20, 1993, GSU received formal notification from the EPA of its acceptance of the remedial activities conducted at the site. Currently, other parties are conducting cleanup activities at the site. However, these cleanup activities are unrelated to GSU's involvement at the site. Through 1993, GSU incurred cleanup costs of approximately $3.3 million. Pursuant to the Consent Decree, GSU is responsible for oversight costs incurred by the EPA. GSU has not received a reimbursement request for outstanding oversight costs, but anticipates these costs may total between $250,000 and $500,000. GSU is pursuing contribution for the cleanup costs at the site from other parties believed to be potentially responsible.
GSU is currently involved in a multi-phased remedial investigation of an abandoned manufactured gas plant (MGP) site located in Lake Charles, Louisiana. The property was the site of an MGP that is believed to have operated during the period from