ngs per share is based on the weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding. Common stock equivalents result from the assumed issuance of shares under stock option plans.
CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK: The Company specializes in manufacturing, marketing and distributing components and other related products for the furnishings industry and diversified markets. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial conditions and, generally, requires no collateral from its customers, some of which are highly leveraged. The Company maintains allowances for potential credit losses and such losses generally have been within management's expectations.
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS: The carrying value of the Company's financial instruments approximates market value.
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ADOPTED: During 1993, the Company adopted three new statements issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These statements were: 1) Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions;" 2) SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes;" and 3) SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits." The adoption of these statements did not have a material effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.
RECLASSIFICATIONS: Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior years' consolidated financial statements to conform to the 1993 presentation.
B -- ACQUISITIONS In September 1993, the Company issued 1,579,354 shares of common stock to acquire Hanes Holding Company (Hanes) in a transaction accounted for as a pooling of interests. Options to purchase an additional 45,743 shares of common stock were also extended by the Company in substitution for previously existing options. Hanes' business consists of converting and distributing woven and nonwoven construction fabrics, primarily in the furnishings industry. In additi