it is currently in substantial compliance with these laws in all of its U.S. operations and in substantially all of its operations outside the United States.
The Company and other manufacturers of pulp in the United States face proposed regulations imposing stringent limits on chlorinated organics, including dioxin and chloroform, which arise from the process of manufacturing bleached pulp. In late 1993, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released its proposed regulations, which also include limitations on other discharges and emissions. After evaluation of these proposed regulations, the Company believes that the additional capital expenditures required to comply with them at its existing sites would be between $250 million and $300 million in the 1996-1998 period. These estimates could change further depending on several factors, including additional evaluation of the proposed regulations, changes in the proposed regulations, new developments in control and process technology, and inflation. It is also possible that limitations contained in permits currently being appealed by the Company and laws or regulations which may be adopted by states where Scott pulp mills are located could cause an acceleration of these expenditures (see the following paragraph and Item 3).
The State of Maine has enacted legislation limiting effluent color arising from the manufacture of pulp beginning in late 1996 or, if certain events occur, 1998. Compliance with this legislation would probably involve most of the same steps which are expected to be required by EPA, as described above. S.D. Warren Company has received NPDES permits from EPA which would limit dioxin discharges from its Skowhegan, Maine and Westbrook, Maine mills to less than the level of detectability. The Company understands that the New England region of EPA has issued similar permits to certain other pulp manufacturers. The Company is vigorously pursuing efforts to have the limits for these Company facilities r