 shall have a book value plus depreciation (each as determined in accordance with GAAP) equal to or greater than the aggregate amount of the commitments of all banks now or hereafter providing an unsecured revolving line of credit ("Revolving Credit Banks") to the Borrower from time to time. The Borrower further agrees that if at any time it creates a Lien in favor of any theretofore unsecured Revolving Credit Bank, that it will create such Lien in favor of all such Revolving Credit Banks, including the Bank, on a pari passu basis based on the commitments of such Revolving Credit Banks.
Section 6.9. Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets. The Borrower will not (i) consolidate or merge with or into any other Person or (ii) sell, lease or otherwise transfer all or any substantial part of its assets to any other Person; provided, however, that the Borrower may merge with another real estate investment trust or company if the Borrower is the
surviving entity in such merger and no Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately after giving effect to such merger.
Section 6.10 Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not directly or indirectly pay any funds to or to the account of, make any investment in, engage in any transaction with or effect any transaction in connection with any joint enterprise or other joint arrangement with any Affiliate except in the ordinary course of business pursuant to the reasonable requirements of the business of the Borrower and upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to the Borrower than would be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate.
Section 6.11. Transactions with Other Persons. The Borrower will not enter into any agreement with any Person whereby any of them shall agree to any restriction on the Borrower's right to amend or waive any of the provisions of this Agreement.
Section 6.12 ERISA Matters. The Borrower will not at any time permit any Plan to (i) engage in