ndard grades of steel plate, a wide range of higher margin specialty steel plate, large diameter steel pipe, ERW pipe, longlength and standard rails, OCTG, wire rod, wire and bar products. The steel industry, including the steel products manufactured by the Company, has been highly cyclical and is currently characterized by overcapacity, both domestically and internationally.
The Portland Steel Mill is the only hot-rolled steel plate minimill and one of two steel plate producers located in the eleven western states. The start-up of a ladle metallurgy furnace in November 1990 at the Portland Steel Mill increased the Portland Steel Mill's melting and casting capacity from approximately 640,000 tons to 800,000 tons of steel per year. The Portland Steel Mill produces slab thicknesses of 6, 7 and 8 inches and has an annual rolling mill capacity, depending on product mix, of up to 450,000 tons of finished steel plate in widths of up to 103 inches.
The Company's Napa Facility produces large diameter steel pipe of a quality suitable for use in high pressure oil and gas transmission pipelines. The Napa Facility can produce pipe with an outside diameter ranging from 16 to 42 inches, with wall thicknesses of up to 1-1/16 inches and in lengths of up to 80 feet, and can process two different sizes of pipe simultaneously in its two finishing sections. Depending on product mix, the Napa Facility has an annual capacity in excess of 350,000 tons of pipe. Substantially all of the Napa Facility's requirements for specialty steel plate, which is fabricated into steel pipe, are currently supplied by the Portland Steel Mill and the Fontana Plate Mill.
The Company expanded its plate rolling capacity by commencing operations at the Fontana Plate Mill in December 1989. Depending on product mix, the Fontana Plate Mill has an annual rolling mill capacity of up to 750,000 tons of finished steel plate, bringing the Company's total plate rolling capacity to approximately 1.2 million tons per yea