. These records include the amount of charges foregone for services and supplies furnished under its charity care policy. Charges at the Company's established rates foregone for charity care provided by the Company amounted to $326,000 during the month of May 1991 and $4,768,000 for the period from June 1, 1991 to May 29, 1992. Hampton Hospital is required by its Certificate of Need to incur not less than 10% of total patient days as free care.
HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE
Effective October 1, 1991, the Company is self-insured for the health insurance coverage offered to its employees. The provision for estimated self-insured health insurance costs includes management's estimates of the ultimate costs for both reported claims and claims incurred but not reported.
SUPPLIES
Supplies consist principally of medical supplies and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market.
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, which range from 20 to 40 years for buildings and improvements, and 5 to 10 years for equipment, furniture and fixtures.
OTHER ASSETS
Pre-opening costs incurred in new facilities and loan fees incurred in obtaining long-term financing are deferred and recorded as other assets. Pre-opening costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over five years. The unamortized portion of pre-opening costs was $21,000 at May 29, 1992. Loan fees are amortized over the terms of the related loans. The balance of unamortized loan fees amounted to $802,000 at May 29, 1992.
INCOME TAXES
The Company was included in the consolidated tax returns of Nu-Med. The Company computes a tax provision as if it were a stand-alone entity. The corresponding liability for such taxes is included in the net amount Due from Related Parties.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents include investments in highly liquid debt instrumen