thorizing Union Light to increase annual gas revenues by $3.9 million effective retroactively to April 26, 1993. The authorized rates were not placed into effect pending resolution of Union Light's request for rehearing of the Order. On August 31, 1993, the KPSC granted an additional annual increase of $247,000. Union Light has placed these rates into effect and has refunded the excess revenue collected with interest to customers.
Rules established by the KPSC pertaining to Union Light's electric fuel adjustment clause provide for public hearings at six-month intervals to review past calculations, reconciliation of over- or under-recovery of fuel costs, and a public hearing every two years to review the application of the adjustment charge and fuel procurement practices. In accordance with a
purchased gas adjustment clause approved by the KPSC, Union Light is permitted to make quarterly adjustments in gas costs and reconciliation of over- or under- recovery of gas costs. In conjunction with these rules, Union Light expenses the costs of gas and electricity purchased as recovered through revenue and defers the portion of these costs recoverable or refundable in future periods.
Construction - ------------
During 1993, construction expenditures amounted to $24.4 million. Of this amount, $14.5 million was for electric facilities and $6.8 million for gas facilities and $3.1 million for facilities used in both electric and gas operations.
Construction expenditures for Union Light are estimated to be $20.3 million for 1994 and $120.2 million for the five years 1994-1998. These estimates are under continuing review and are subject to adjustment.
In October 1993, Union Light filed its second integrated resource plan (IRP) in the state of Kentucky. The primary emphasis of IRP is on procedures for the evaluation of long-term electric forecasts and the integration of demand and supply alternatives for meeting future electric needs. The KPSC is currently reviewing this report. A