objective evaluation of the quality of the portfolio, and to assist the Board of Directors in evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. The internal review function is further enhanced through examinations by independent auditors and regulators.
LOAN PORTFOLIO
The following table sets forth the composition of the loan portfolio by type of loan and the percentage of loans by category.
Composition of the Loan Portfolio
The following table displays the contractual maturities and interest rate sensitivities of the loans of the Corporation at December 31, 1993. The Corporation's experience indicates that certain of the loans will be renewed, rescheduled, or repaid prior to scheduled maturity. Accordingly, the table should not be regarded as a forecast of future cash collections.
Contractual Loan Maturities
- -------- (1) Includes demand loans, loans having no stated schedule of repayments or maturity, and overdrafts. (2) The variable interest rate loans generally fluctuate according to a formula based on prime rate.
COMMERCIAL LOANS
Commercial loans represent 31.3% of the Corporation's total loans and leases at December 31, 1993 and include short and medium term loans, revolving credit arrangements, lines of credit, asset based lending and equipment lending. The commercial loan portfolio is segregated by market sector as well as geographic regions. The primary segmentation divides the commercial loan portfolio into three market sectors, Multinational, Middle Market and Small Business.
The organizational components of the Multinational Group (46.7% of total outstandings) are, the National Division calling on large Fortune 500 companies often with a significant presence in the Maryland marketplace, the Maryland Division which services similar sized companies headquartered in Maryland and its contiguous states, and the Financial Institutions Division which calls on financial intermediaries within Maryland and throughout the country. In addition, the Multin