against the Debtors.
A significant number of the bankruptcy claims have been resolved. As of March 1, 1993, unresolved bankruptcy claims of approximately $1 billion have been asserted against PMI. Approximately $767 million of these unresolved claims were filed by entities controlled by Allan Rose and Arthur Cohen (see Note 8).
The Company has disputed a substantial number of these unresolved bankruptcy claims and has filed objections to such claims. In addition, a number of these claims have been resolved with the claimant and are awaiting approval by the Bankruptcy Court.
The Company believes that substantially all of these claims will be dismissed, disallowed or deemed paid pursuant to the Plan and estimates that unresolved bankruptcy claims will be allowed in the amount of approximately $27 million. These claims will be settled as follows: claims of $18 million will be satisfied through the issuance of Secured Notes, Restructured Notes and Tax Notes; claims of $8 million will be satisfied through the distribution of the Company's Common Stock; and claims of $1 million will be satisfied through cash payments.
In accordance with SOP 90-7, the July 31, 1992 consolidated financial statements have given full effect to the issuance of these Secured Notes, Restructured Notes and Tax Notes and the distribution of the Company's Common Stock. Liabilities have been provided for the anticipated cash payments.
PMI's liabilities subject to compromise, stated at management's estimate of the total amount of allowed claims and not at the amounts for which claims will be settled, consist of the following (in thousands):
The amounts listed above may be subject to future adjustments depending on further developments with respect to disputes or unresolved claims. Information as to the terms of the settlement of liabilities subject to compromise under the Plan as of or subsequent to the Effective Date through the distribution of cash, new indebtedness, new equity securities and/or of