opment of energy conservation programs. In addition, Grenadier provides technical support for the implementation and operation of reliable, cost-effective electrical and mechanical building systems. Grenadier also designs security systems and provides security services to a variety of residential, commercial and industrial clients.
Regulation of the Company's Activities
The development business and home building industry in which the Company is engaged have, in the last several years, become subject to increased environmental, building, land use, zoning and sales regulations administered by various federal, state and local authorities, which affect construction activities as well as sales activities and other dealings with customers. Additionally, sewer moratoriums have been imposed from time to time in Puerto Rico which have caused delays in the delivery of homes to customers. The Company must obtain for its development and housing activities the approval of numerous governmental authorities which often have wide discretion in such matters. Changes in local circumstances or applicable law may necessitate applications for additional approvals or the modification of existing approvals. Compliance with these regulations has extended the time required to market projects by prolonging the time between the initiation of projects and the commencement and completion of construction. The Company is currently in various stages of securing governmental approvals for its development and homebuilding projects. Delay or inability to obtain all required approvals for a project could have a materially adverse effect on the marketability or profitability of such a project.
Segment Information
The Company's operations consist of (i) the development, management and ownership of real estate properties; (ii) the single-family home and garden apartment business conducted through its Levitt subsidiary; and (iii) the supplying of construction services through its HRH subsidiary. The Compa