de Island covered assets as a percentage of gross covered assets were as follows:
In the above table, the principal balance of individual loans for which a specific credit adjustment has been determined by independent valuators has been reduced by the amount of that credit adjustment. The unallocated credit adjustment represents amounts applied to pools of loans.
In connection with the acquisition of the Rhode Island assets, the Association entered into an Acquisition Agreement with the receivers of the Rhode Island financial institutions. Pursuant to this agreement, DEPCO was required to pay a balancing consideration to the Association. The balancing consideration was the amount by which the deposits issued by the Association plus other assumed liabilities
NORTHEAST FEDERAL CORP.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(CONTINUED) exceeded the fair value of the acquired assets. The estimate of the fair value of the acquired assets (the valuation) was determined by independent valuators in accordance with a detailed methodology outlined in the Acquisition Agreement. The balancing consideration of $59.0 million was paid to the Association in the quarter ended December 31, 1992.
As part of the valuation process in determining the balancing consideration, a credit adjustment was made which was specifically related to the Rhode Island covered assets and which was intended to establish the amount by which the value of the loans must be adjusted in determining their fair value for reasons of collectibility. This initial credit adjustment was determined by the valuators pursuant to the methodology for credit adjustments set forth in the Acquisition Agreement. The methodology required the reappraisal of underlying collateral and/or an individual evaluation of loans meeting specific delinquency and/or size criteria as well as the application of credit adjustment percentages to loans which were not individually reviewed. In general, for purposes of loan valuation, res