l operations and the proposed terms of continued affiliation with national hotel franchisors who had previously dealt directly with B&B I and B&B II and related outside management companies; and
5. Formulating and implementing plans for realignment of the Trust's property lease-up and property management functions, including parameters for use of in-house brokers and outside tenant brokers.
NEW CEO. An additional change in the Trust management was implemented in March, 1994, when the Trust hired Frank A. Morrow, through his corporation FAMA Management, Inc. as chief executive officer pending Bankruptcy Court approval of a services and confidentiality agreement, which agreement was approved by the Court following a hearing held on March 31, 1994. Mr. Morrow was not previously affiliated with the Trust, but has a range of real estate and management experience, having served as Director of Real Estate for Stanford University, Senior Vice President/Regional Manager of Bedford Properties, Senior Vice President of Boise Cascade Urban Development Corporation and Assistant to the Chairman for Hawaiian Airlines, among other experience. As CEO, he will exercise "hands-on" oversight of business operations and advise the Board of Trustees. The term of the agreement is from March 8, 1994 through September 30, 1994, subject to the Trust's right to terminate upon thirty (30) days advance notice.
NEW PROPERTY MANAGEMENT COMPANY. The Trust has searched for and obtained the services of a property management company to assist in the management of the Trust's commercial real estate portfolio. On June 15, 1994 the court approved the contract for services with United Property Services.
(D) OTHER INFORMATION
During its last three fiscal years, the Trust has been involved in only one industry segment: the acquisition, operation and holding for investment of income producing real properties, the making of loans secured by real property and improvements in connection with those activities. R