 made certain misrepresentations regarding their intentions to perform pursuant to the Pearce agreement, which defendants deny. Settlement negotiations, which had been progressing, have terminated. The plaintiffs have requested that this matter be rescheduled for trial. Pretrial conference has been conducted, however, no trial date has been set.
During 1989 and 1991, the Company exchanged subordinated debentures for the assets and liabilities of certain affiliated partnerships. While, to the Company's knowledge, no formal order of investigation is pending, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") has advised the Company that it is currently reviewing the transactions.
Following is a description of additional legal proceedings in which the Company's significant subsidiary, BankAtlantic, is a party:
Caroline Berger, on behalf of herself and all others similarly situated vs. Joseph Giarizzo, Ron Scott, Leon Martin, Paul Tedaldy, Sal Giarizzo, James Gansky, Harbor Crest Assocs. Ltd., Queens Window Systems Ltd., Dartmouth Plan Inc., Wendover Funding, Inc., Midwest Federal Savings Bank, Sterling Resources Ltd., Bencharge Credit Service of New York, Inc., Skopbank, David Beyer, Jeffrey Beyer, BankAtlantic, National City Bank of Akron, Suburban Equity Corp., Oxford Home Equity Loan Co., National Westminster Bank, Embanque Capital Corp., Chrysler First, Capital Resources Corp., Green Point Savings, United States District Court, Eastern District of New York, CV-90-2500, Platt, C.J. This action was originally filed on July 13, 1990 by the plaintiff, Caroline Berger ("Berger"), in her individual capacity, against Joseph Giarizzo, Harbor Crest Associates, Ltd., Queens Window Systems Ltd., Dartmouth Plan, Inc., Wendover Funding Inc., Midwest Federal Savings Bank, Sterling Resources Ltd., Bencharge Credit Service of New York Inc., SkopBank, David Beyer and Jeffrey Beyer. The original complaint asserted a variety of state and federal causes of action. The plaintiff, Berger, i