it of shareholders principally in the event the business combination were not consummated, including a covenant to consider reinstitution of dividends on the common stock of GSU in such event. The business combination was consummated on December 31, 1993. Incident to the settlement, the defendants agreed not to oppose an application for attorneys' fees by plaintiffs' counsel that do not exceed $500,000 or for an award of expenses not to exceed $50,000. The individual directors named as defendants in these complaints are entitled to indemnification pursuant to GSU's Restated Articles of Incorporation, By-laws, and individual indemnity agreements, provided that the terms and conditions of the indemnities are satisfied.
LP&L. For information regarding litigation in connection with an abandoned waste oil recycling plant site in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, in which LP&L and GSU are defendants, see "GSU," above. LP&L does not believe that it was a generator of any material delivered to this facility and is defending vigorously against the claims in these suits.
Since the mid-1980's, LP&L and the tax authorities of St. Charles Parish, Louisiana (Parish), in which Parish Waterford 3 is located, have disputed use taxes paid on nuclear fuel ($4.9 million through 1989) under protest by LP&L. LP&L has been successful in a lawsuit in the Parish with regard to recovering these taxes, plus interest, and also with regard to Parish lease tax issues pertaining to fuel financing arrangements. On the grounds of the previous favorable court decisions, LP&L continues to challenge in the courts additional use tax assessments that it has paid to the Parish and to seek additional interest that LP&L claims it is due. Also, in early procedural stages are (1) suits by LP&L with regard to the state use tax on nuclear fuel, and (2) LP&L's defense (and indemnification, if necessary) of nuclear fuel lessors under LP&L's fuel financing arrangements in the suits filed by the Parish use tax authori