ssociation," which may make capital distributions of between 25% and 75% of its net income over the most recent four-quarter period, depending on the institution's risk-based capital level. A "Tier 3 association" is defined as an institution that does not meet all of the minimum regulatory capital requirements and therefore may not make any capital distributions without the prior approval of the OTS.
Savings institutions must provide the OTS with at least 30 days written notice before making any capital distributions. All such capital distributions are also subject to the OTS' right to object to a distribution on safety and soundness grounds.
The FHLB System - BankAtlantic is a member of the FHLB system, which consists of 12 regional FHLBs governed and regulated by the Federal Housing Finance Board ("FHFB"). The FHLBs provide a central credit facility for member institutions. BankAtlantic, as a member of the FHLB of Atlanta, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB of Atlanta in an amount at least equal to the greater of 1% of the aggregate principal amount of its unpaid residential mortgage loans, home purchase contracts and similar obligations as of the close of each calendar year, or 5% of its borrowings from the FHLB of Atlanta (including advances and letters of credit issued by the FHLB on BankAtlantic's behalf). BankAtlantic is currently in compliance with this requirement.
Each FHLB makes loans (advances) to members in accordance with policies and procedures established by the board of directors of the FHLB. These policies and procedures are subject to the regulation and oversight of the FHFB. The FHLB Act establishes collateral requirements for advances from the FHLB. First, all advances from the FHLB must be fully secured by sufficient collateral as determined by the FHLB of Atlanta. The FHLB Act prescribes eligible collateral as first mortgage loans less than 90 days delinquent or securities evidencing interests therein, securiti