 director of JMB and an officer and/or director of various JMB affiliates and a partner, directly or indirectly, of the Associate Partnerships. He is also an individual general partner of JMB Income Properties-IV and JMB Income Properties-V. Mr. Bluhm has been associated with JMB since August, 1970. He is a member of the Bar of the State of Illinois and a Certified Public Accountant.
Roger E. Hall (age 62) is Chairman of Arvida. Prior thereto, he was President-Arvida (September, 1987 to January, 1989).
Ernest M. Miller, Jr. (age 51) is President and Chief Executive Officer of Arvida. Prior thereto, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Arvida (September, 1987 to February, 1989). From February, 1984, Mr. Miller has been Chairman of Wilson Miller Capital Corp., a real estate investment and consulting business.
H. Rigel Barber (age 45) is Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President of JMB, an officer of various JMB affiliates and a partner of various Associate Partnerships. Mr. Barber has been associated with JMB since March, 1982. He received a J.D. Degree from the Northwestern Law School and is a member of the Bar of the State of Illinois.
Ira J. Schulman (age 42) is Executive Vice President of JMB, an officer of various JMB affiliates and a partner, directly or indirectly, of various Associate Partnerships. He holds a Masters Degree in Business Administration from the University of Pittsburgh.
Gailen J. Hull (age 46) is a Senior Vice President of JMB, an officer of various JMB affiliates and a partner, directly or indirectly, of various Associate Partnerships. Mr. Hull has been associated with JMB since March, 1982. He holds a Masters degree in Business Administration from Northern Illinois University and is a Certified Public Accountant.
Howard Kogen (age 58) is Senior Vice President and Treasurer of JMB, an officer of various JMB affiliates and a partner, directly or indirectly, of various Associate Partnerships. Mr. Kogen has bee