nclude a group of minimills that have a geographical location close to the intermountain market. Most of these mills utilize reinforcing bar as an incremental product to keep mills operating at capacity. Market expansion into other geographical locations is not feasible since freight is a significant factor.
The Company's market area on wire and wire rod products is considered to be west of the Mississippi River with a primary market of the intermountain states. The Company presently manufactures rod using an antiquated mill with a coil size that is small compared to that of competitors. The Company will complete construction of a new rod/bar mill during the second half of 1994 which will produce substantially larger coils and reduce manufacturing costs. The domestic producers range from "rod only" producers, such as Armco Steel and North Star Steel, to dual producers of rod and wire, such as Keystone Steel and Wire and Northwestern Steel & Wire. There are also "wire only" producers, the largest in the western United States being Davis Wire Corporation and Tree Island Steel.
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
The Company is subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, wastewater, air emissions, toxic use reduction and hazardous material disposal. The Portland and Pueblo Steel Mills are classified in the same manner as other similar steel mills in the industry, as generating hazardous waste materials because the melting operation produces dust that contains heavy metals ("EAF" dust). This dust, which constitutes the largest waste stream generated at these facilities, has been disposed of at substantial expense in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
In 1993 the Company began processing EAF dust in its Glassification(trademark) facility at the Portland Steel Mill. It is anticipated that in the second quarter of 1994, the Company will be recycling 100 percent of the EAF dust produced at the Portland Steel Mi