sen & Co. and the Company's internal audit personnel have free access to meet individually with the Committee, without management present, at any time, and they periodically do so.
/s/ John F. Isacke - -------------------- John F. Isacke Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer
Arthur Andersen & Co.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
To The Shareholders and Board of Directors of Consumers Water Company:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of capitalization and interim financing of CONSUMERS WATER COMPANY (a Maine corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the related consolidated statements of income, change in common shareholders' investment and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993. These financial statements and the schedules referred to below are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Consumers Water Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in confo