wing relatively easy entry into and expansion of the motor freight business have tended to increase competition among motor carriers and also between motor carriers and other modes of transportation. ANR Freight competes primarily with other regular route motor carriers of general freight and, to a lesser extent, with irregular route motor carriers, individual truckers and private carriers (for truckload general freight) and with surface freight forwarders, railroads, airlines and air freight forwarders. The extent of competition between various modes of transportation is largely determined by their rate structures and by the service requirements of the shippers. Over-capacity in the motor carrier industry has increased competition for freight, and discounting programs, which effectively reduce the rates filed with the ICC, have been adopted by many carriers. ANR Freight continues to participate, on a limited basis, in collective rate making within the regional rate bureaus as authorized by the Interstate Commerce Act. ANR Freight also carries freight under contract and under general and individually published tariff arrangements.
ANR Freight is subject to regulation by the ICC with regard to accounting. The carriers are regulated as to rates and routes of travel by the ICC for freight transported in interstate commerce and by state regulatory agencies for freight transported in intrastate commerce. The Department of Transportation regulates certain aspects of carrier operations such as the transportation of hazardous materials, motor vehicle maintenance, motor vehicle safety devices and appliances and driver qualifications. Various states regulate the gross weight and length of vehicles which travel over the highways of such states.
COMPETITION
Coastal and its subsidiaries are subject to competition. In all the Company's business segments, competition is based primarily on price with factors such as reliability of supply, service and quality being considered.
The c