e institution's general allowance for loan losses.
Management of BankAtlantic has identified certain assets as "Risk elements". These assets include: (i) loans accounted for on a non-accrual basis; (ii) loans not included in category (i), which are contractually 90 days or more past due as to interest or principal payments; (iii) assets acquired in settlement of loans; and (iv) restructured loans. Non-accrual loans are loans on which interest recognition has been suspended until realized because of doubts as to the borrower's ability to repay principal or interest. Restructured loans are loans on which the terms have been altered to provide a reduction or deferral of interest or principal because of a deterioration in the borrower's financial position. Such restructured loans may be removed from the restructured category based upon various factors, including a period of satisfactory loan performance under the revised terms.
Allowance for Loan Losses - Management of BankAtlantic establishes allowances for loan losses in amounts which it believes are sufficient to provide for potential future losses. In establishing its allowance for loan losses, management considers past loss experience, present indicators such as delinquency rates, economic conditions, collateral values and the potential for loan losses in future periods. The evaluation of potential losses in BankAtlantic's loan portfolio includes a review of all loans for which full collectibility may not be reasonably assured. Increases in the allowance for loan losses are recorded when losses are both probable and estimable. In the case of loans in foreclosure or probable foreclosure, the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, and such other factors which, in management's judgment, deserve recognition under existing economic conditions are considered in estimating loan losses.
Investment Activities
BankAtlantic maintains an investment portfolio consisting primarily of mortgage-backed securities and ta