nsfer ownership or use of the Leverkusen facility.
All of Kronos' principal production facilities described above are owned, except for the land under the Leverkusen facility. Kronos has a governmental concession through 2007 to operate its ilmenite mine in Norway.
Specialty chemicals are produced by Rheox at facilities in Charleston, West Virginia; Newberry Springs, California; St. Louis, Missouri; Livingston, Scotland and Nordenham, Germany. All of such production facilities are owned.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
LEAD PIGMENT LITIGATION
The Company was formerly involved in the manufacture of lead pigments for use in paint and lead-based paint. The Company has been named as a defendant or third party defendant in various legal proceedings alleging that the Company and other manufacturers are responsible for personal injury and property damage allegedly associated with the use of lead pigments. The Company is vigorously defending such litigation. Considering the Company's previous involvement in the lead pigment and lead-based paint businesses, there can be no assurance that additional litigation, similar to that described below, will not be filed. In addition, various legislation and administrative regulations have, from time to time, been enacted or proposed at the state, local and federal levels that seek
- 9 - to (a) impose various obligations on present and former manufacturers of lead pigment and lead-based paint with respect to asserted health concerns associated with the use of such products and (b) effectively overturn court decisions in which the Company and other pigment manufacturers have been successful. One such bill that would subject lead pigment manufacturers to civil liability for damages caused by lead- based paint on the basis of market share, and extends certain statutes of limitations, passed the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1993. The same bill has been reintroduced in the Massachusetts legislature in 1994. No legislation or 