ana Enterprises. The remaining 50% general partnership interest in Tropicana Enterprises is held by various individuals and trusts associated with the Jaffe family and is entitled to certain preferences on distributions and liquidations. The Company does not have the right to purchase Tropicana from Tropicana Enterprises and does not have the right to purchase the remaining partnership interest in Tropicana Enterprises that is not owned by Adamar of Nevada.
RAMADA EXPRESS.
Ramada Express is located on a 28-acre site in Laughlin, Nevada. The Company completed in September 1993 a $75 million expansion of Ramada Express.
NEW GAMING JURISDICTIONS
In connection with the Company's development of its business in new gaming jurisdictions, the Company has options to purchase various parcels of land in Caruthersville, Missouri and Evansville, Indiana.
GENERAL.
The Company leases its corporate headquarters located in Phoenix, Arizona and owns or leases certain other facilities which are not material to the Company's operations.
Substantially all land, casino hotel buildings, furnishings and equipment owned by the Company are pledged as collateral under long-term debt agreements.
ITEM 3.
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS - -------------------------- The Company is a party to various claims, legal actions and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business or asserted by way of defense or counterclaim in actions filed by the Company. Management believes that its defenses are substantial in each of these matters and that the legal posture of the Company can be successfully defended or satisfactorily settled without material adverse effect on its consolidated financial statements.
ITEM 4.
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS - ------------------------------------------------------------ None
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT - ------------------------------------ The registrant has elected not to include information concerning its executive officers in its 