ion to the corporate facility, the Financial Services Business operates 14 branch offices. These facilities are considered by Company management to be suitable and adequate to meet the needs of the Financial Services Business.
On January 4, 1989, Northwest Financial Corporation ("Northwest Financial"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Equity Bank, acquired an option to purchase a 22-story, 340,000 square foot office building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, which contains the corporate headquarters of the Financial Services Business. This property is known as "Equity Tower". Northwest Financial acquired the option for $100,000 contemporaneously with Equity Bank's acquisition of the note and mortgage relating to the property ("Equity Tower Loan"). Northwest Financial may exercise its option at any time during the six-month period beginning December 31, 1995. The option agreement provides that the purchase price for the property upon exercise of the option will equal the sum of (1) the then outstanding restated mortgage indebtedness
secured by the property and (2) the greater of (a) $100,000 or (b) 20% of the difference between (i) the appraised fair market value of the property and (ii) $15.1 million plus any additional advances under the loan plus any unpaid "cumulative deficiency amounts," as defined, accrued under the loan. As previously discussed, the Company has agreed under the Acquisition Agreement to acquire the Equity Tower Loan and option to purchase the Equity Tower at the time of closing of the sale of Equity Bank to Fourth Financial at Equity Bank's then current carrying value of the Equity Tower Loan on the books of Equity Bank. The carrying value of the Equity Tower Loan on the books of Equity Bank as of February 28, 1994, was approximately $13.8 million.
Item 3.
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS - --------------------------
In December 1987, the United States Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") notified L&S Bearing Company ("L&S") of potential responsibility for r