 for the furnishings industry. The purchase price of this acquisition was approximately $5.8. Assuming this acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the year, it would not have had a material impact on net sales, net earnings or earnings per share.
Also during 1992, the Company acquired a business accounted for as a pooling of interests. The business primarily manufactures bedding and furniture components for the furnishings industry. In exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of the business, the Company issued 100,903 shares of its common stock. The Company elected not to restate prior year's financial statements as the effect was immaterial.
During 1991, the Company acquired the assets of two small companies that primarily manufacture bedding and furniture components for the furnishings industry. The purchase price of these acquisitions was approximately $10.0. Assuming these acquisitions had occurred at the beginning of the year, they would not have had a material impact on net sales, net earnings or earnings per share.
LEGGETT & PLATT, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
B -- ACQUISITIONS (CONTINUED) The above acquisitions, except for the 1993 and 1992 poolings, have been accounted for as purchases, and, where applicable, the excess of the total acquisition cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired is being amortized by the straight-line method over forty years. The results of operations of these companies since the dates of acquisition have been included in the consolidated financial statements.
The purchase prices as originally reported represent the initial amounts of cash and common stock of the Company issued at the time of the acquisitions. Some purchase agreements also contain provisions for additional payments if certain minimum earnings requirements are met. All such provisions expired during 1993. Amounts earned under the terms of the agreements are recorded as increases in the e