 reinvested on the date paid. This value may be increased or decreased based upon the total return of Edison's Common Stock relative to an electric utility industry index during the period and the Companies' price change to residential customers relative to a peer group of twenty electric utilities. The final value of an executive's account will be paid to the executive in cash. If an executive retires, dies or otherwise leaves the employment of the Company prior to the end of the four-year deferral period, the executive's account will be valued and paid to the executive or the executive's beneficiary in the year following such event. Mr. J. T. Rogers, Jr. retired on March 1, 1993. His account was valued and paid on March 1, 1994.
The maximum amount in the above table will be earned if the Companies' price change to residential customers is ranked in the lowest (fifth) quintile of the peer group (i.e., the lowest 20 percent of the peer group) and Edison's total shareholder return is in the top (first) quintile compared to the index. The target amount will be earned if the Companies' price change to residential customers is in the fourth quintile and Edison's total shareholder return is in the second quintile. The threshold amount will be earned if the Companies' price change to residential customers is above the third quintile and Edison's total shareholder return is below the third quintile.
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
The Company participates in the Ohio Edison System Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. Currently, two of the executive officers listed above (W. R. Holland and R. L. Kensinger) are eligible to participate in the Plan. At normal retirement, eligible senior executives of the Company who have five or more years of service with the Ohio Edison System are provided a retirement benefit equal to 65 percent of their highest annual salary from the Company, reduced by the executive's pensions under tax- qualified pension plans of the Company or 