e 4(b)(iii), effective February 1992, the Partnership reached an agreement with the lender to reduce the current debt service payments and to extend the loan, which was scheduled to mature on December 10, 1992, to February 10, 1999. Additionally, tenant leases comprising approximately 69% of the building are scheduled to expire in 1995. It is anticipated that there will be significant costs related to releasing this space. The venture expects to approach the lender regarding an additional modification to the loan due to the increased deficits anticipated in connection with the re- leasing costs. Should the venture not be successful in obtaining an additional loan modification or alternative financing, or, should the Partnership decide not to commit any significant additional funds for the anticipated re-leasing costs, this may result in the Partnership no longer having an ownership interest in the property. This would likely result in the Partnership recognizing a gain for financial reporting and Federal income tax purposes with no corresponding distributable proceeds.
125 Broad Street Building
Vacancy rates in the downtown Manhattan office market have increased significantly over the last few years. As vacancy rates rise, competition for tenants increases, which results in lower effective rental rates. The increased vacancy rate in the downtown Manhattan office market has resulted primarily from layoffs, cutbacks and consolidations by many of the financial service companies which, along with related businesses, dominate this submarket. The Partnership believes that these adverse market conditions and the negative impact on effective rental rates will continue over the next few years. The depressed market in downtown Manhattan has significantly affected the 125 Broad Street Building as the occupancy has decreased to 54% at December 31, 1993 partially as a result of a major tenant vacating 395,000 square feet (30% of the building) at the expiration of its lease durin