o-defendants. In December 1989, the Court ordered that the predecessor partnerships and the other co-defendants rescind sales of any plaintiff that brought suit within three years of the date of sale. Under the Court's order of December 1989, one of the predecessor partnerships rescinded sales of $41,500 of units.
Plaintiffs appealed, among other items, the Court's order with respect to plaintiffs that brought suit after three years of the date of sale In February 1993, the Appellate court ruled that the statute of limitations was tolled during the pendency of the class action claims. Therefore, those investors that brought suit within 3.6 years and potentially 4 years from the date of sale may be entitled to rescission. The Company and the other co- defendants sought leave to appeal before the Illinois Supreme Court and on October 6, 1993, the leave to appeal was denied. Plaintiff's claims are now pending in Circuit Court. Plaintiffs have indicated that they will file amended complaints against the predecessor partnerships and other co- defendants. The amended complaints will include both individual and class claims. The individual and corporate defendants sold a total of $1,890,500 of limited partnership interests in the predecessor partnerships. Limited partners holding approximately $1,042,800 of limited partnership interests have filed an action for recision. Under the appellate decision, if recision was made to all limited partners that filed an action, refunds, at March 31, 1993, (including interest payments thereon) would amount to approximately $1,800,000. A provision for such amount has been made in the accompanying financial statements.
Short vs. Eden United, Inc., et al. in the Marion County Superior Court, State of Indiana. Civil Division Case No. S382 0011. In January, 1982, an individual filed suit against a subsidiary of the Company, Eden United, Inc. ("Eden"), seeking return of an earnest money deposit held by an escrow agent and liquidated damages 