 prohibit the Separate Rate Case. The district court's decision was ultimately appealed to the Texas Supreme Court which ruled in 1990 that the prudence of the purported abeyed costs could not be relitigated in a separate rate proceeding. Further, the Texas Supreme Court's decision stated that all issues relating to the merits of the original order of the PUCT, including the prudence of all River Bend-related costs, should be addressed in the Rate Appeal.
In October 1991, the district court in the Rate Appeal issued an order holding that, while it was clear the PUCT made an error in assuming it could set aside $1.4 billion of the total costs of River Bend and consider them in a later proceeding, the PUCT, nevertheless, found that GSU had not met its burden of proof related to the amounts placed in abeyance. The court also ruled that the Allowed Deferrals should not be included in rate base under a 1991 decision regarding El Paso Electric Company's similar deferred costs (El Paso Case). The court further stated that the PUCT erred in reducing GSU's deferred costs by $1.50 for each $1.00 of revenue collected under the interim rate increases authorized in 1987 and 1988. The court remanded the case to the PUCT with instructions as to the proper handling of the Allowed Deferrals. GSU's motion for rehearing was denied, and in December 1991, GSU filed an appeal of the October 1991 district court order. The PUCT also appealed the October 1991 district court order, which served to supersede the district court's judgment, rendering it unenforceable under Texas law.
In August 1992, the court of appeals in the El Paso Case handed down its second opinion on rehearing modifying its previous opinion on deferred accounting. The court's second opinion concluded that the PUCT may lawfully defer operating and maintenance costs and subsequently include them in rate base, but that the Public Utility Regulatory Act prohibits such rate base treatment for deferred carrying costs. The court