ent air quality standards, and related emission limits, including limits for sulfur dioxide (SO2) and particulates. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) promulgated an SO2 regulatory plan for Ohio which became effective for W. H. Sammis Unit 7 in 1977. Generating plants to be constructed in the future and some future modifications of existing
facilities will be covered not only by the applicable state standards but also by EPA emission performance standards for new sources. In both Pennsylvania and Ohio the construction or modification of emission sources requires approval from appropriate environmental authorities, and the facilities involved may not be operated unless a permit or variance to do so has been issued by those same authorities.
The Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 require significant reductions of SO2 and oxides of nitrogen from the Company's coal-fired generating units by 1995 and additional emission reductions by 2000. Compliance options include, but are not limited to, installing additional pollution control equipment, burning less polluting fuel, purchasing emission allowances from others, operating existing facilities in a manner which minimizes pollution and retiring facilities. In a system compliance plan for the Company and Edison submitted to the PPUC and to the EPA, the Company stated that reductions for the years 1995 through 1999 are likely to be achieved by burning lower sulfur fuel, generating more electricity at their lower emitting plants and/or purchasing emission allowances. The Company continues to evaluate its compliance plan and other compliance options as they arise. Plans for complying with the year 2000 reductions are less certain at this time.
The Company is required to meet federally approved SO2 regulations, and the violation of such regulations can result in injunctive relief, including shutdown of the generating unit involved, and/or civil or criminal penalties of up to $25,000 per day of violation. T