les submitted as a separate section of this Report.
3. Exhibits
See Index to Exhibits, page 20 and 21
(b.) Reports on Form 8-K.
No report on Form 8-K was filed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 1993 and through the date of this filing.
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
MEASUREX CORPORATION (Registrant) Date February 24, 1994 By /S/ DAVID A. BOSSEN ------------------- --------------------------- David A. Bossen Chairman
Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David A. Bossen and Carl A. Thomsen jointly and severally, his attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
MEASUREX CORPORATION INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES Fiscal Year 1993
------------------
With the exception of the aforementioned information, the 1993 Annual Report to Shareholders is not to be deemed filed as part of this report unless otherwise noted.
Other schedules have not been filed because the conditions requiring the filing do not exist or the required information is given in the financial statements or notes thereto.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
To the Shareholders Measurex Corporation
Our report on the consolidated financial statements of Measurex 