mpany whose patented hermetically sealed pump technology will greatly expand Goulds' ability to help the
Page 20 of 54
chemical processing industry lower production costs and also meet increasingly stringent environmental regulations. Environamics is operating as an autonomous subsidiary, augmenting Goulds' current industry distribution channels used by IPG. Shipments of Environamics products are expected to begin near the end of the third quarter of 1994.
Sean P. Murphy joined the Company in August 1993 as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr. Murphy assumed the CFO duties from John M. Morphy, who continues as Group Vice President of the Industrial Products Group.
Earnings of our WTG-Europe (Lowara) subsidiary continue to be impacted by unfavorable currency exchange. Offsetting this negative impact is the natural hedge which exists through the transfer of Lowara products to WTG-America. We will continue to monitor exchange rate fluctuations and where appropriate, consider forward contracts for lira purchases to control the impact of these fluctuations.
Accounting Standards
Effective in the first quarter of 1993, the Company adopted SFAS No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits." See Note 11 for a detailed discussion of the impact of this change on the Company's consolidated financial statements.
Effective in the first quarter of 1992, the Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions"; SFAS No. 107, "Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments"; and SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." See Notes 11, 8, and 10, respectively, for a detailed discussion of the impact of these standards on the Company's consolidated financial statements.
In Conclusion
The Company is encouraged that it has taken important steps in 1993 that will yield improved results in 1994 and beyond. One milestone achieved this year was the implementation of CATS II and related manufacturing pr