cash unless the Management Review Committee or the Board at its discretion provides for deferral.
VIII. TERMINATION AND TRANSFER PROVISIONS
Termination Provisions
-- Awards may at the discretion of the Management Review Committee or the Board be calculated on the basis of a full year's performance and prorated to the number of whole months actually served, except in the case of voluntary termination (other than retirement after the second quarter of the year) or termination by the company (with or without cause), in which case no award is made for year of termination.
Designation of "Unit" in cases of transfer among Operating Companies, Central Services, Bulk Power Supply, and New York
-- Weighting will be based on the number of months participant was in each unit.
IX. PLAN ADMINISTRATION
Administration of the plan is the responsibility of the Management Review Committee of the Board of Directors.
-- The Committee is responsible for review and administration of all Systemwide goals and has final approval over these and other matters involving the plan, including eligibility.
Exhibit 10.4
ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
(Effective July 1, 1990)
ALLEGHENY POWER SYSTEM
SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
1. Purpose of the Plan: The purpose of the Plan, the "Allegheny Power System Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan" (hereinafter referred to as the "Plan") is to provide for the payment of supplemental retirement benefits to or in respect of senior executives of Allegheny Power System companies (hereinafter sometimes referred to as a "Company" or the "Companies") as part of an integrated executive compensation program which is intended to assist the Companies in attracting, motivating and retaining executives of superior ability, industry, and loyalty.
2. Eligibility to Participate in the Plan: Each employee of a Company who was a participant in the Predecessor Plan or who on or after the Effective Date is assigned 1990 salary grade 28