2, 1994, the parties entered into an agreement to settle this action pursuant to which BFC will pay approximately eighty-one percent (81%) of the face amount of the outstanding debentures held by plaintiffs and the debentures will be canceled pursuant to the procedures outlined in the agreement. The settlement is subject to, among other things, court approval. Upon effectiveness, the settlement of this action will be dismissed with prejudice and the parties will exchange releases. Settlement of this matter will result in a gain to BFC for financial statement purposes.
Cheryl and Wayne Hubbell, et al., vs. I.R.E. Advisors Series 26, Corp. et al., in the California Superior Court in Los Angeles, California, Case No. BC049913. This action was filed as a class action during March 1992 on behalf of all purchasers of I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 25, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 26, I.R.E. Real Estate Fund, Ltd. - Series 27, I.R.E. Real Estate Growth Fund, Ltd. - Series 28 and I.R.E. Real Estate Income Fund, Ltd. against the managing and individual general partners of the above named partnerships and the officers and directors of those entities. The plaintiffs allege that the offering materials distributed in connection with the promotions of these limited partnerships contained misrepresentations of material fact and that the defendants misrepresented and concealed material facts from the plaintiffs during the time the partnerships were in existence. The complaint asserts two causes of action for fraud, one of which is based on a claim for intentional misrepresentation and concealment and one of which is based on a claim of negligent misrepresentation. The complaint also contains a claim for breach of fiduciary duty. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, attorneys' fees and costs. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which the Court dismissed in February 1993 pursuant to a motion to dismiss filed by the Defendants. Plaint