nd related accessories for commercial and consumer use. Sales, both domestic and international, traditionally are made through hardware stores, home centers, building supply dealers, and mass merchandisers.
The Pneumotive Division manufactures rotary vane and piston compressors and vacuum pumps, as well as air motors and vacuum ejectors, for a variety of applications to the OEM market as well as through fluid power and large compressor distributors.
The Brey Division produces a complementary line of rotary vane compressors and vacuum pumps, with expertise in applications of less than 1/8 horsepower. These products are currently distributed for sale primarily in Europe, with increasing worldwide marketing.
Under the ASF name, the Company produces diaphragm and peristaltic compressors and vacuum pumps with applications in photography, medical, air and gas sampling, and dish washing equipment, as well as laboratory instruments and leak detection devices. These products are marketed worldwide to original equipment manufacturers.
WISA produces a line of linear-type vibrating and diaphragm compressors and vacuum pumps for various applications, the foremost of which is gas analyzers. Sales and distribution are made primarily in Europe and the U.S., with expanding availability worldwide.
The Thomas, ASF, Pneumotive, Brey, WISA, and Sprayit trade names are recognized in the market and are important to the Segment.
The Compressors and Vacuum Pumps Segment accounted for 29 percent of the Company's sales in 1993, compared to 26 percent in 1992 and 25 percent in 1991.
Other Products
Other, smaller divisions of the Company manufacture and market architectural door trim, hardware, and door controls through contract hardware distributors. Door closers, exit devices, and pivots are marketed through original equipment manufacturers. Other products include high-quality glass fire screens, gas log sets, factory-built
ITEM 1. (Continued)
fireplaces, chimneys, and fireplace accessories m