nce to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
ENTERGY CORPORATION
By /s/ Lee W. Randall Lee W. Randall, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Date: March 14, 1994
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
Signature Title Date
/s/ Lee W. Randall Vice President and March 14, 1994 Lee W. Randall Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)
Edwin Lupberger (Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director; Principal Executive Officer); Gerald D. McInvale (Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Principal Financial Officer); W. Frank Blount, John A. Cooper, Jr., Brooke H. Duncan, Lucie J. Fjeldstad, Kaneaster Hodges, Jr., Robert v.d. Luft, Kinnaird R. McKee, Paul W. Murrill, James R. Nichols, Eugene H. Owen, John N. Palmer, Robert D. Pugh, H. Duke Shackelford, Wm. Clifford Smith, Bismark A. Steinhagen, and Walter Washington (Directors).
By: /s/ Lee W. Randall March 14, 1994 (Lee W. Randall, Attorney-in-fact)
ARKANSAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
ARKANSAS POWER & LIGHT COMPANY
By /s/ Lee W. Randall Lee W. Randall, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Date: March 14, 1994
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the