 temporary positions resulting from execution errors, unavailability of the various exchanges' automated trade execution facilities, or nonpayment by customers, (2) positioning of listed securities to accommodate institutional customers, and (3) engaging in certain riskless principal and other similar transactions where, in response to a customer order, Schwab will purchase securities (generally municipal and government securities) from another source and resell them to customers at a markup. Schwab concentrates on the execution of unsolicited transactions on an agency basis.
Schwab's customer service delivery system reduces dependency on the need for personal relationships between Schwab's customers and employees to generate orders. Schwab does not generally assign customers to individual employees. Each customer-contact employee has immediate access to the customer account and market-related information necessary to respond to any customer's inquiries, and for most customer orders, can enter the order and confirm the transaction. Customer orders involving certain
- 2 - THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION
SOURCES OF REVENUES (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS)
Certain prior years' revenues and expenses have been reclassified to conform to the 1993 presentation.
This table should be read in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements and notes in the Company's 1993 Annual Report to Stockholders, which are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 13.1 of this report.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
types of transactions, such as those in fixed income securities and mutual funds, are handled by separate groups of registered representatives that specialize in such transactions. As a result of this approach, the departure of a registered representative generally does not result in a loss of customers for the firm.
As a market maker in Nasdaq securities, M&S executes customer trades generally as principal.