 between most points in Canada through a network of approximately 182 agent locations. NAVL's international operations consist primarily of forwarding used household goods to and from the United States and between foreign countries through a network of approximately 350 foreign agents and representatives. NAVL's international operations are structured to align them with the services provided by its domestic operating divisions. All international household goods operations and related subsidiaries in Alaska, Canada and Panama are assigned to the RS Division. The remaining international operations, which include subsidiaries in the United States, Germany and the United Kingdom, are involved in the transportation of selected general and specialized commodities and are assigned to the HVP Division.
The RS Division successfully completed its negotiations in the first quarter of 1992 to form a joint venture company known as UTS Europe Holding BV (UTS). The new entity, which is headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands, has been handling intra-European movement of household goods since March 1, 1992. NAVL has a 40 percent interest in UTS which is comprised of approximately 70 individual shareholders in 65 locations throughout Europe. To date, national and regional organizations have been formed under the UTS banner in Germany and the Netherlands (founding members), with an 8 percent and 5 percent interest in UTS, respectively. In addition, the United Kingdom (8 percent interest in UTS), Belgium (5 percent interest) and the Scandinavian countries (5 percent interest) have also formed under the UTS banner.
TRIPLE CROWN OPERATIONS. Until April 1993, Norfolk Southern's intermodal subsidiary, Triple Crown Services, Inc. (TCS), offered intermodal service using RoadRailer (Registered Trademark) (RT) equipment and domestic containers. RoadRailer(RT) units are enclosed vans which can be pulled over highways in tractor- trailer configuration and over the rails by locomotives. On April