ce its workforce. To recognize the cost of these actions, aftertax restructuring charges of $6.4 million were recorded. If our assumptions with regard to market conditions prove correct, then the Company's resources will be sufficient to enable it to carry out its mission of supporting customers in their acquisition of IBM products and services by providing competitive financing, and contributing to the growth and stability of IBM earnings.
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA:
Report of Independent Accountants
February 16, 1994
To the Stockholder and Board of Directors of IBM Credit Corporation
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 14(a) 1. and 2. on pages 33 and 34 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of IBM Credit Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 1993 and 1992, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1993, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion thereon based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether such statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.
Price Waterhouse Stamford, CT
IBM CREDIT CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
Principles of Consolidation: The cons