ate of total clean-up costs and, accordingly, the Company is unable to calculate its share of those costs. Finally, at five other sites, the Company has paid amounts to other PRPs as its proportional share of associated clean-up costs. As to these latter sites, the Company believes that its activities were de minimis.
There are additional areas of environmental remediation responsibilities which may fall on the Company. Future information and developments will require the Company to continually reassess the expected impact of these environmental matters. However, the Company has evaluated its total environmental exposure based on currently available data, including its potential joint and several liability, and believes that compliance with all applicable laws and regulations will not have a material adverse impact on the Company's liquidity or financial position.
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The Company operates principally in the following lines of business: natural gas, refining and marketing, exploration and production, and coal.
NATURAL GAS. Natural gas operations involve the production, purchase, gathering, storage, transportation and sale of natural gas, principally to utilities, industrial customers and other pipelines, and include the operations of natural gas liquids extraction plants.
In the fourth quarter of 1993, ANR Pipeline Company and Colorado Interstate Gas Company ("CIG") placed their Order 636 (See Note 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements) service structures into effect and now offer an array of unbundled transportation, storage and balancing service options. Under Order 636, the interstate pipeline companies will no longer offer sales for resale services, with the exception of certain gas sales services provided by CIG, which are being phased out over a three-year period. Former gas sales customers of the interstate pipelines have largely retained their firm storage and transportation services levels. These services were previously cont