esidential mortgages, fair value was estimated by discounting cash flows adjusted for anticipated prepayments using discount rates based on current market rates for similar loans.
Deposits--The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as interest bearing and non-interest bearing demand, savings and money market accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair value of certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows using current market rates for similar types of deposits.
Borrowed funds--The carrying value of short-term borrowed funds approximate fair value as they are payable within three months or less. The estimated fair value of long-term debt is based on broker quotations, when available. Debt for which quoted prices were not available was valued using cash flows discounted at a current market rate for similar types of debt.
Off-balance sheet items--The fair value of interest rate swap agreements is based on the present value of the swap using dealer quotes. Fair values for caps and floors were obtained using an option pricing model which reflects industry pricing standards. These values represent the estimated amount Firstar would receive or pay to terminate the contracts or agreements taking into account current interest rates and market volatility. The fair value of these agreements were $1 million and $3 million at December 31, 1993 and 1992, respectively. The fair value of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit was estimated using fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements. The fair value of credit card lines is based on cardholder fees currently being charged. The estimated fair value for commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and credit card lines at December 31, 1993 and 1992 were $15 million and $17 million, respectively.
The estimated fair value of Firstar's financial instruments is summarized as follows:
NOTE 18. PARENT CORPORATION CONDENSED F