gregate of 5,600,000 shares of the Company's common stock may be granted from time to time to officers and other key employees of the Company at a price determined by the Board of Directors. This price may not be less than the current par value of the Company's common stock, which is $.25 per share. In 1993, 64 employees were eligible to participate in the Plan and 81 employees held outstanding rights under the Plan.
Rights to purchase shares may be exercised at any time within ten years of the grant date, cannot be transferred and must be paid for in full at the time of exercise. Shares issued under the Plan may be subject to restrictions. Restricted shares may not be sold, pledged or otherwise transferred and generally must be resold to the Company upon termination of employment. Restrictions on transfer of shares and the obligation to resell shares to the Company generally will lapse at the rate of one-third of the granted shares at the end of the third year, the fourth year and the fifth year following the date of grant. The Company charges to compensation expense the difference between the fair market value at the date of grant and the purchase price over a five- year period. This Plan expires on December 31, 1995.
The purchase price for all rights granted was at par value as of the date of grant. The activity in stock rights for the three years in the period ended December 3, 1993 was as follows:
At December 3, 1993, a total of 3,817,458 shares had been granted under the Plan and rights to purchase an additional 1,782,542 shares (1,739,506 shares at November 27, 1992) could be granted.
Under the Company's Key Executive Long-Term Incentive Plan, income goals are established for three-year cycles and a certain number of performance shares, which are equivalent in value to the Company's common stock, are granted to each participant. Payments under the Plan are based on the income achieved by the Company in relation to the goals established for each cycle. Payment