ts extended in connection with an early retirement program and workforce reduction discussed below.
The following assumptions were used in accounting for pensions:
Net pension cost for CG&E and its subsidiary companies for the years 1993, 1992 and 1991 included the following components:
EARLY RETIREMENT PROGRAM AND WORKFORCE REDUCTIONS. As a result of unfavorable rate orders received in 1992, CG&E and its subsidiaries eliminated approximately 900 regular, temporary and contract positions. The workforce reduction was accomplished through a voluntary early retirement program and involuntary separations. At December 31, 1992, the accrued liability for CG&E and its subsidiaries associated with the workforce reduction was $30.4 million ($3.0 million applicable to Union Light), including $28.4 million ($2.8 million for Union Light) of additional pension benefits discussed above. In accordance with a July 1993 Order of the KPSC, Union Light is recovering the majority of these costs associated with gas operations through gas rates over a period of ten years. Costs associated with electric operations shall be addressed by the KPSC in Union Light's next electric rate case. The balance of unrecovered costs at December 31, 1993, totalled $2.9 million and is reflected in "Other Assets" on the Balance Sheet.
POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS. Effective January 1, 1993, CG&E and its subsidiaries adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" (SFAS
No. 106). Union Light is a participating company under CG&E's health care and life insurance benefit plans. SFAS No. 106 requires the accrual of the expected cost of providing postretirement benefits other than pensions to an employee and the employee's covered dependents during the employee's active working career. SFAS No. 106 also requires the recognition of the actuarially determined total postretirement benefit obligation earned by existing retirees. CG&E of