
The Company changed its capital structure in May of 1993. On May 7, 1993, at a Special Meeting of Stockholders, the Company's stockholders approved a reclassification of the Company's $2.25 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A into common stock at the ratio of 4.75 shares of common stock for each share of convertible preferred stock. Effective May 14, 1993, the 1,610,000 outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock were converted into an aggregate of 7,647,500 shares of common stock. At such time, in the aggregate, $12.2 million of accumulated and unpaid dividends on the convertible preferred stock were eliminated. Although the reclassification did not change the regulatory capital of the Association, it eliminated a possible future need for the Company to seek dividends from the Association for the purpose of paying dividends on the convertible preferred stock.
The results of operations for 1993 and changes in the Company's financial condition in 1993 are discussed in more detail in the sections that follow.
On February 9, 1994, Shawmut National Corporation and the Company signed a definitive agreement for the acquisition by Shawmut of ten Northeast Savings branches located in Eastern Massachusetts and in
Rhode Island. Five of the branches to be purchased are in Massachusetts and five are in Rhode Island. Deposits held in these branches totaled approximately $427 million as of December 31, 1993. Shawmut will pay a premium of three percent to Northeast Savings for deposits on hand in these branches at the time of closing. The transaction is expected to close by the end of the second quarter, and is subject to regulatory approval. The sale will permit Northeast Savings to focus its resources on its four significant deposit markets: the capital region of New York State; Hartford, Connecticut; and Springfield and Worcester, Massachusetts. The sale of the branches will also strengthen the Company's financial position and enhance its profitability. When