and regulations. The Company anticipates annual capital expenditures of $20 to $40 million over the next several years aimed at compliance with such laws and regulations. Additionally, appropriate governmental authorities may enforce the laws and regulations with a variety of civil and criminal enforcement measures, including monetary penalties and remediation requirements.
The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, also known as "Superfund," as reauthorized, imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original act, for disposal of a "hazardous substance." Certain subsidiaries of the Company have been named as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") in several "Superfund" waste disposal sites. At the 15 sites for which the EPA has developed sufficient information to estimate total clean-up costs of approximately $350 million, the Company estimates it pro-rata exposure to be paid over a period of several years is approximately $5 million and has made appropriate provisions. At three other sites, the EPA is currently unable to provide the Company with an estimate of total clean-up costs and, accordingly, the Company is unable to calculate its share of those costs. Finally, at five other sites, the Company has paid amounts to other PRPs as its proportional share of associated clean-up costs. As to these latter sites, the Company believes that its activities were de minimis.
There are additional areas of environmental remediation responsibilities which may fall on the Company. Future information and developments will require the Company to continually reassess the expected impact of these environmental matters. However, the Company has evaluated its total environmental exposure based on currently available data, including its potential joint and several liability, and believes that compliance with all applicable laws and regulations will not have a material adverse impact on the Company's liquidity or financial positi