k maintenance statistics and the average ages of railway equipment.
The average age of locomotives retired during 1993 was 24.7 years. In recent years, NS has rebodied over 14,000 coal cars and plans to continue that program at the rate of about 3,000 cars per year for the next several years. This process, performed at NS' Roanoke Car Shop, converts hopper cars into high-capacity steel gondolas or hoppers. As a result, the remaining serviceability of the freight car fleet is greater than indicated by the increasing average age of the freight car fleet. Construction of two surge silos at the coal transloading facility in Norfolk was completed in 1993. The silos, which have a total capacity of 8,150 tons, allow for continuous dumping which reduces operating costs and loading time.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
For 1994, NS is planning $634 million of capital spending, of which $627 million will be for railway projects and $7 million for motor carrier property. NS anticipates new equipment financing of approximately $72 million in 1994. NS also plans to spend approximately $70 million for coal reserves located in the Lincoln, Mingo and Logan counties of West Virginia and in the Floyd, Johnson and Martin counties of Kentucky. This acquisition should add approximately 210 million tons of high-volatile, low-sulfur steam coal to NS' holdings. Looking further ahead, the restructuring of NAVL, which was completed in 1993, is expected to reduce the level of capital spending for motor carrier property. Rail capital spending is likely to increase moderately over the next few years. The proposed construction of a $100 million coal ground storage facility in Isle of Wight County, Va., may affect capital spending in future years. However, because of delays in the permitting process and reduced demand for export coal, any significant spending on this project is not expected until a