ctions on transactions with related parties which limits the entities to which the Trust may make a mortgage, as discussed in ITEM 13. "CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS".
At December 31, 1993, the Trust's mortgage portfolio included 12 mortgage loans with an aggregate outstanding balance of $18.1 million, secured by income-producing properties located throughout the United States, 4 mortgage loans with an outstanding balance of $437,000 secured by single-family residences located in the Southwest and Pacific regions of the United States and one mortgage loan with a carrying value of $856,000 secured by 55 acres of land located near Sacramento, California. At December 31, 1993, 6% of the Trust's assets were invested in mortgages (5.1% in first mortgage loans, .2% in a wraparound mortgage and .7% in junior mortgage loans).
The following table sets forth the percentages (based on the outstanding mortgage note balance), by both property type and geographic region, of the properties that serve as collateral for the Trust's outstanding mortgages at December 31, 1993. The table does not include the $437,000 in single-family mortgages or the $856,000 mortgage secured by land discussed in the preceding paragraph. See Schedule XII to the Consoli-
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued)
Mortgage Loans (Continued)
dated Financial Statements included at ITEM 8. "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA" for further details of the Trust's mortgage notes receivable portfolio.
A summary of activity in the Trust's mortgage notes receivable portfolio during 1993 is as follows:
First Mortgage Loans. The Trust may make first mortgage loans, with either short, medium or long-term maturities. These loans generally provide for level periodic payments of principal and interest sufficient to substantially repay the loan prior to maturity, but may involve interest-only payments or moderate amortization of principal and a "balloon" principal payment at maturity. With respect to first 