irement benefits, including amounts payable under the Terminated Plan, annual allocations to the executive officer's Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") accounts, and Social Security benefits. Benefits under the Supplemental Plan are vested after five years of service or employment continuation through age 65. Compensation used in determining Supplemental Plan benefits (covered compensation) includes only salary and bonus reflected in the Summary Compensation Table above. No covered compensation of any Named Officer differs by more than 10% from the salary and bonus set forth in the Summary Compensation Table.
The years of credited service under the Supplemental Plan for the Named Officers are as follows: Mr. Kampouris, 28 years; Mr. Hinrichs, 35 years; Mr. Kerckhove, 32 years; Mr. Allardyce, 17 years; Mr. Gandini, 33 years; and Mr. H.T. Smith, 13 years.
The current annual target benefit for Mr. Kampouris is approximately 20 percent higher than that shown in the above table since a different benefit formula under the pre-1990 version of the Supplemental Plan applies to his period of service and earnings prior to April 27, 1991. The method of calculating the lump sum payable to Mr. Kampouris that is attributable to his accrued benefit through April 27, 1991, has been adjusted to reflect the recent increase in the Federal ordinary income tax rates.
An amendment to the Supplemental Plan in 1993 established minimum annual lump sum payments for certain Named Officers which, after giving effect to Plan offsets, are estimated as follows: Mr. Kampouris, $427,000; Mr. Hinrichs, $143,000; Mr. Kerckhove, $37,000; and Mr. Gandini, $24,000.
Shares of Holding Common Stock distributable to Plan participants are delivered to a grantor's trust for their benefit. The trust will terminate following a public offering of Holding Common Stock, at which time shares or cash credited to each participant's account is to be distributed. Payment, however, may be deferred if an event of defa