 a 4% increase excluding the effects of foreign exchange).
In 1993 operating income of Plumbing Products was $108 million, the same amount as in 1992, but excluding the unfavorable effects of foreign exchange operating income increased by 15%. The increase (on an exchange-adjusted basis) was attributable primarily to increased profitability for the Far East Group and for the Americas International Group, offset partly by a decline for the U.S. group.
European Plumbing Products Group
Sales of the European group, which accounted for approximately 51% of Plumbing Products' sales for 1993, decreased 10% in 1993 from 1992 but increased by 4% excluding the unfavorable effects of foreign exchange. The exchange-adjusted gain resulted from price increases, especially in Italy, Germany, the U.K., and Greece, offset partly by lower volume in most countries because of depressed markets. In Italy sales were up with price increases for most product lines, offset partly by lower volume and a less favorable product mix. The German market was stable in total, as price gains were offset by volume and mix declines. Greece, which had been in recession for three years, recovered somewhat in 1993. The European group's strength has been sales in the replacement market, which has more than made up for the effects of poor new-construction markets.
Operating income for the European group decreased 7% but increased 10% excluding the effects of foreign exchange. This increase occurred primarily because of the price gains and cost reductions resulting from restructuring and efficiency improvements in the U.K., France, Italy, and Germany. Partly offsetting those favorable effects were the effects of lower volumes and the unfavorable effect on margins caused by the decline in value of many European currencies agains the Deutschemark. The increased cost of fittings purchased from Germany could not be completely recovered through sales price increases in most of the operations in other countries.
U