uth Carolina and provides transportation-related services such as intermodal shipping, rate negotiation, and warehousing. The international division, with offices in Charleston, South Carolina, and Houston, Texas, provides NVOCC service to most foreign locations.
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
Capital expenditures in 1993 net of dispositions were $15.8 million. Revenue and service equipment purchases were $17.3 million. Land and terminal expenditures were $4.7 million. Other capital expenditures totaled $7.3 million. The proceeds from dispositions totaled $13.5 million which included the sale of terminal facilities in Atlanta, Cincinnati, Austin, Houston, and San Antonio.
MANAGEMENT CHANGES
James D. Carlton became president of Carolina Freight Carriers in June 1993. In December 1993, Braxton Vick, who previously served as Executive Vice President of Corporate Services, was promoted to Executive Vice President of Corporate Planning and Development. In addition, John L. Fraley, Jr., a veteran of Carolina Freight Carriers, and James R. Hertwig, former president of a major intermodal company, were elected vice presidents of the Company. In January 1993, Philip G. Deely, who formerly served as a distribution executive for a large shipper, was named President of Innovative Logistics Incorporated.
Item 2.


Item 2. Properties.
The Corporation, through its subsidiaries, owns and operates 117 terminal facilities in 26 states. At December 31, 1993, these properties had a net book value of $132.5 million. In addition, the Corporation leases 71 real properties under leases for terms of generally one to ten years. These properties are used as offices, terminals, warehouses and vehicle maintenance facilities.
The Corporation, through its subsidiaries, transports freight, using both over-the-road and local tractors, trailers and trucks. This revenue equipment is virtually all owned by the respective subsidiary, though minor amounts are leased both with and without drivers. At December 31, 1