ative to 1991 was due primarily to a one-time benefit in the fourth quarter of 1992 for the resolution of tax accounting issues related to previous acquisitions. The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new standard on accounting for income taxes, which the Company was required to adopt on January 1, 1993. The cumulative effect of the adoption of the accounting method prescribed by the new standard was immaterial.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The change in the Company's liquidity during the past three years is the net effect of funds generated by operations and the funds used for the personnel services acquisitions, principal payments on outstanding notes payable, and the securities repurchase program.
The Company's Board of Directors previously authorized the repurchase, on the open market or in privately-negotiated transactions, of up to 3.25 million shares of the Company's common stock or the equivalent amount of Convertible Debentures or other common stock equivalents. The Company has repurchased approximately 3.1 million shares of the Company's common stock or common stock equivalents. See Note F to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Repurchases of the securities have been funded with cash generated from operations and the bank line of credit.
On December 10, 1993, substantially all of its outstanding convertible subordinated debentures were converted into common stock of the Company. See Note E to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company's working capital requirements consist primarily of the financing of accounts receivable. While there can be no assurances in this regard, the Company expects that internally generated cash plus the bank revolving line of credit will be sufficient to support the working capital needs of the Company's offices, the Company's fixed payments and other long-term obligations.
ITEM 8.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 