wing (in millions):
INVESTMENT SECURITIES
Investment securities of the Company are principally held by Alexander Hamilton. At December 31, 1993, Alexander Hamilton had $6.4 billion or approximately 73 percent of the Company's $8.8 billion total investment portfolio. The composition of this portfolio is set forth on pages 59 and 60 of the 1993 Annual Report.
Investment securities are also held by the Bank, Household Global Funding, Inc., the United States holding company for Household's operations in Canada and the United Kingdom, and Household Commercial and represent approximately 14, 6 and 4 percent, respectively, of the Company's total investment portfolio.
FUNDING RESOURCES
As a financial services organization, Household International must have access to funds at competitive rates, terms and conditions to be successful. Household International and its subsidiaries fund their operations in the global capital markets, primarily through the use of commercial paper, medium-term notes and long-term debt, and have used financial instruments to hedge their currency and interest-rate exposure. Four nationally recognized statistical rating organizations currently assign investment grade ratings to the debt and preferred stock issued by the Company and its subsidiaries. In addition, these organizations rated the commercial paper of HFC in their highest rating category.
The securitization and sale of consumer receivables is an important source of liquidity for HFC and the Bank. During 1993 the Company's subsidiaries securitized and sold, including replenishments of certificateholder interests, approximately $9.4 billion of home equity, merchant participation and bankcard receivables compared to $4.8 billion in 1992.
To diversify its funding base and add more stability to funding costs, the Company developed a retail deposit base in recent years through its consumer banking business. Customer deposits have grown from $3.9 billion at year-end 1988 to $7.5 billion at December