hich is providing the Company with a $25 million accounts receivable financing line of credit at 80% of the unpaid face value of such accounts receivable ("Bank IV Line of Credit"). The Bank IV line of Credit is temporary and will expire during 1994 unless extended. . The Company intends to continue to use the accounts receivable financing arrangement with Equity Bank to the extent described above and as allowed by regulations until Equity Bank is sold as discussed elsewhere herein. The Company has begun negotiations for a comprehensive line of credit. Although the Company believes it will be successful in obtaining the comprehensive line of credit to replace most, if not all, of its present credit facilities, there are no assurances that it will be successful in negotiating such.
(2) The Company and its subsidiaries (other than Equity Bank and the Chemical Business) are parties to a credit agreement ("Agreement"), with an unrelated lender ("Lender"), collateralized by certain inventory and certain other assets of the Company and its subsidiaries (including the capital stock of International Environmental Corporation) other than the assets and capital stock of Equity Bank and the Chemical Business. The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility ("Revolver") for direct borrowing up to $8 million, including the issuance of letters of credit. The Revolver provides for advances at varying percentages of eligible inventory. This Agreement expires on June 30, 1994, but the
Company believes the Agreement can be extended at that time. At December 31, 1993, the availability based on eligible collateral approximated the credit line. Borrowings (including letters of credit) under the Revolver outstanding at December 31, 1993, were $.6 million. The Revolver requires reductions of principal equal to reductions as they occur in the underlying inventory times the advance rate. When the offering of the Series 2 Preferred was completed, the Company repaid $6.8 million