rado Interstate Gas Company ("CIG") uses the last-in, first-out method, while ANR Pipeline Company uses the first-in, first-out method. Inventories of coal are accounted for at average cost, or market, if lower. Inventories of materials and supplies are accounted for at average cost.
HEDGES - The Company frequently enters into futures and other contracts to hedge the price risks associated with inventories, commitments and certain anticipated transactions. Coastal defers the impact of changes in the market value of these contracts until such time as the hedged transaction is completed.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - Property additions include acquisition costs, administrative costs and, where appropriate, capitalized interest allocable to construction. Capitalized interest amounted to $8.4 million, $10.7 million and $22.1 million in 1993, 1992 and 1991, respectively. All costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of gas and oil properties, including unproductive wells, are capitalized under the full-cost method of accounting.
Depreciation, depletion and amortization of gas and oil properties are provided on the unit-of-production basis whereby the unit rate for depreciation, depletion and amortization is determined by dividing the total unrecovered carrying value of gas and oil properties plus estimated future development costs by the estimated proved reserves included therein, as estimated by an independent engineer. The average amortization rate per equivalent unit of a thousand cubic feet of gas production for oil and gas operations was $1.00 each for 1993, 1992 and 1991. Provisions for depletion of coal properties, including exploration and development costs, are based upon estimates of recoverable reserves using the unit-of-production method. Provision for depreciation of other property is primarily on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the properties.
Costs of minor property units (or components thereof) retired or aba