cial dividend of TRIPOS stock. Significant costs of the spin-off were included in the $7,900,000 restructuring charge described in paragraph 3 above. The spin-off is subject to continuing review and approval by the Board of Directors and SEC review.
PRODUCTS AND MARKETS: - --------------------
1. Visual Systems. The Company produces visual systems that cover a broad -------------- range of price and performance. These visual systems include Computer Image Generator (CIG) Systems, display systems, models and other components used in training and engineering simulators and in entertainment and education. The Company's image generator products are
given the designation ESIG(R)(2)followed by a number. A brief description of the products follow:
ESIG 200: Primarily a dusk/night system meeting all of the requirements -------- for Federal Aviation Agency (FAA) Phase II training. The ESIG 200 displays 225 textured polygons and 4800 full color calligraphic light points per channel. An optional mode provides low-visibility daylight operation.
ESIG 500: A day/dusk/night system meeting all of the requirements for FAA -------- Phase III training. Used for civil aviation training as well as military tactical and operational flight training, the ESIG 500 displays 500 textured polygons and 5000 calligraphic light points per channel.
ESIG 600: A day/dusk/night system which includes all of the basic -------- performance factors of the ESIG 500 as well as significant enhancements. The ESIG 600 displays 1000 textured polygons and 5000 calligraphic light points per channel. Contour texture and photographic texture capability are available along with an increased number and size of texture maps. Non-linear image mapping is also available for compatibility with a large range of dome displays.
ESIG 2000: During 1991, the Company introduced the ESIG 2000, one of the --------- most cost-effective system produced for simulation applications. Both initial orders and deliveries of these systems