ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued)
Business Plan and Investment Policy (Continued)
acquired through foreclosure, the Trust intends to enhance the value of such properties through renovations and, if possible, to finance such properties with first mortgages. The Trust also intends to pursue its rights vigorously with respect to mortgage notes that are in default.
Management of the Trust
Although the Trust's Board of Trustees is directly responsible for managing the affairs of the Trust and for setting the policies which guide it, the day-to-day operations of the Trust are performed by a contractual advisor under the supervision of the Trust's Board of Trustees. From March 1989 until March 31, 1994, Basic Capital Management, Inc. ("BCM" or the "Advisor") performed such services. The duties of the advisor include, among other things, locating, investigating, evaluating and recommending real estate and mortgage note investment and sales opportunities, as well as financing and refinancing sources, for the Trust. The advisor also serves as a consultant in connection with the business plan and investment policy decisions made by the Trust's Board of Trustees.
William S. Friedman, the President and a Trustee of the Trust, served as the President of BCM until May 1, 1993. BCM is beneficially owned by a trust for the benefit of the children of Gene E. Phillips. Mr. Phillips served as a Trustee of the Trust until December 31, 1992. Messrs. Phillips and Friedman served as directors of BCM until December 22, 1989, and Mr. Phillips served as Chief Executive Officer of BCM until September 1, 1992. BCM is more fully described in ITEM 10. "TRUSTEES, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND ADVISOR OF THE REGISTRANT - The Advisor".
BCM has provided advisory services to the Trust since March 28, 1989. Renewal of the Trust's advisory agreement with BCM was approved by the Trust's shareholders at the Trust's last annual meeting of shareholders held on April 26, 1993, as required by Section 4.2 of the Trust's D