for the granting of non-qualified stock options, such that the Committee has available a further vehicle for compensating executives through equity participation. The exercise price of options granted under the Stock Plan cannot be less than the fair market value of the Company's Common Stock on the date of the grant. Options are granted under the Stock Plan for periods of up to five years and become exercisable in 20% cumulative annual increments (but no option may be exercised within 60 days of its grant). The only option granted in 1993, as indicated above, was an option to Mr. Weiner to acquire 20,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of $4.00 per share, which was in excess of the market value of the Company's Common Stock on the grant date. Such option expired unexercised following Mr. Weiner's removal as an officer of the Company.
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION
Marcellus H.B. Muyres, who served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from June 19, 1992 through July 12, 1994, served without compensation in accordance with his representation to the Committee and the Board that he would not draw a salary until the Company's liquidity situation permitted the payment of appropriate compensation. To date, Mr. Muyres has received no compensation for his services as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. As a director and executive officer of the Company, Mr. Muyres is entitled to reimbursement of expenses, including travel and transportation expenses, incurred on the Company's behalf. From June, 1992 through August 19, 1994, Mr. Muyres incurred expenses aggregating approximately $39,112, none of which has been reimbursed, but which is being carried as a liability of the Company.
On July 13, 1994, Antony Gram was appointed Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with Mr. Muyres agreeing to serve as a Vice Chairman of the Board. As Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Gram has been given the r