 at December 31, 1992 to a positive $51.5 million at December 31, 1993.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
BankAtlantic's primary sources of funds have been deposits, principal repayments of loans, mortgage-backed securities and tax certificates, proceeds from the sale of loans originated for sale, mortgage-backed securities and investment securities, proceeds from securities sold under agreements to repurchase, advances from the FHLB, operations and capital transactions. These funds were primarily utilized to fund loan disbursements, paydowns of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, maturity of advances from the FHLB, purchases of mortgage-backed securities and tax certificates, bankers acceptances and payments of maturing certificates of deposit. During October, 1992 and December, 1993, the FHLB granted BankAtlantic, subject to various terms and conditions, lines of credit of $300 million and $115 million expiring in October 1995 and December, 1994, respectively. As of December 31, 1993 BankAtlantic had not utilized these lines of credit. During the first quarter of 1993, management approved a plan to modernize BankAtlantic's branch network. Management believes that the branch re- engineering project will improve overall efficiencies and enable BankAtlantic to offer additional products and financial services to its customers. In order to achieve the branch modernization, management approved capital expenditures of $2.1 million, of which approximately $965,000 was disbursed for replacement equipment installed during 1993. The branch modernization project is expected to be completed during the second quarter of 1994. Regulations currently require that savings institutions maintain an average daily balance of liquid assets (cash and short-term United States Government and other specified securities) equal to 5% of net withdrawable accounts and borrowings payable in one year or less. BankAtlantic had a liquidity ratio of 28.22% under these regulations at Decemb