nstitution was determined on the basis of capital and supervisory measures. For the capital measure, institutions were assigned to one of three capital groups: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, or undercapitalized. The first two groups were defined by application of the capital ratio standards imposed under the prompt corrective action rule (discussed below). The third group consisted of those institutions not qualifying as well capitalized or adequately capitalized. Within each group, institutions were assigned to one of three supervisory subgroups: healthy, supervisory concern, or substantial supervisory concern. The FDIC assigned institutions to supervisory subgroups on the basis of supervisory evaluations provided by the institution's primary federal regulator and such other information as the FDIC determined to be relevant to the institution's financial condition and the risk posed to the insurance fund. The supervisory subgroup to which an institution was assigned by the FDIC is confidential and may not be disclosed. Under the final rule, there were nine combinations of groups with assessments ranging from 23 cents for each $100 of insured deposits to 31 cents for each $100 of insured deposits depending upon the risk group to which a savings association was assigned. A savings association's capital group was determined on the basis of data reported in its thrift financial report as of the date closest to June 30 or December 31 that included the necessary capital data. Northeast Savings is deemed to be an adequately capitalized association. The impact of this final rule increased the Association's deposit insurance premium expense between 13% and 26% for 1993. For the year ended December 31, 1993, SAIF deposit insurance premium expense for the Association totaled $7.8 million.
On June 17, 1993, the FDIC adopted a final rule establishing a risk-based deposit insurance premium assessment system which was implemented with the semi-annual assessment period 