res were available for granting of options, and options for 1,194,414 common shares were exercisable.
Under the 1990 Plan, 23,717 common shares were available for granting of options, and options for 181,380 common shares were exercisable at December 31, 1993. At December 31, 1992, 368,690 common shares were available for granting of options, and options for 42,002 common shares were exercisable.
Options are currently granted under the plans at 100% of market value. The following table presents a summary of stock option transactions for the three years ended December 31, 1993:
NOTE 10. SEGMENT REPORTING
The Company operates principally in the following lines of business: natural gas, refining and marketing, exploration and production, and coal. Natural gas operations involve the production, purchase, gathering, storage, transportation and sale of natural gas, principally to utilities, industrial customers and other pipelines, and include the operation of natural gas liquids extraction plants.
Refining and marketing operations involve the purchase, transportation and sale of refined products, crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids; the operation of refineries and a chemical plant; the sale at retail of gasoline, petroleum products and convenience items; petroleum product terminaling; and marketing of crude oil and refined petroleum products worldwide.
Exploration and production operations involve the exploration, development and production of natural gas, crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids. The segment also includes related intrastate natural gas marketing activities and gas plant processing operations.
Coal operations include the mining, processing and marketing of coal from Company-owned reserves and from other sources, and the brokering of coal for others.
Other operations include regional trucking operations involving activities as common carriers in interstate and intrastate commerce and activities in power production and other projects.
Operat